ham	Go until jurong point, crazy.. Available only in bugis n great world la e buffet... Cine there got amore wat...
ham	Ok lar... Joking wif u oni...
spam	Free entry in 2 a wkly comp to win FA Cup final tkts 21st May 2005. Text FA to 87121 to receive entry question(std txt rate)T&C's apply 08452810075over18's
ham	U dun say so early hor... U c already then say...
ham	Nah I don't think he goes to usf, he lives around here though
spam	FreeMsg Hey there darling it's been 3 week's now and no word back! I'd like some fun you up for it still? Tb ok! XxX std chgs to send, £1.50 to rcv
ham	Even my brother is not like to speak with me. They treat me like aids patent.
ham	As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
spam	WINNER!! As a valued network customer you have been selected to receivea £900 prize reward! To claim call 09061701461. Claim code KL341. Valid 12 hours only.
spam	Had your mobile 11 months or more? U R entitled to Update to the latest colour mobiles with camera for Free! Call The Mobile Update Co FREE on 08002986030
ham	I'm gonna be home soon and i don't want to talk about this stuff anymore tonight, k? I've cried enough today.
spam	SIX chances to win CASH! From 100 to 20,000 pounds txt> CSH11 and send to 87575. Cost 150p/day, 6days, 16+ TsandCs apply Reply HL 4 info
spam	URGENT! You have won a 1 week FREE membership in our £100,000 Prize Jackpot! Txt the word: CLAIM to No: 81010 T&C www.dbuk.net LCCLTD POBOX 4403LDNW1A7RW18
ham	I've been searching for the right words to thank you for this breather. I promise i wont take your help for granted and will fulfil my promise. You have been wonderful and a blessing at all times.
ham	I HAVE A DATE ON SUNDAY WITH WILL!!
spam	XXXMobileMovieClub: To use your credit, click the WAP link in the next txt message or click here>> http://wap. xxxmobilemovieclub.com?n=QJKGIGHJJGCBL
ham	Oh k...i'm watching here:)
ham	Eh u remember how 2 spell his name... Yes i did. He v naughty make until i v wet.
ham	Fine if thats the way u feel. Thats the way its gota b
spam	England v Macedonia - dont miss the goals/team news. Txt ur national team to 87077 eg ENGLAND to 87077 Try:WALES, SCOTLAND 4txt/ú1.20 POBOXox36504W45WQ 16+
ham	Is that seriously how you spell his name?
ham	I‘m going to try for 2 months ha ha only joking
ham	So ü pay first lar... Then when is da stock comin...
ham	Aft i finish my lunch then i go str down lor. Ard 3 smth lor. U finish ur lunch already?
ham	Ffffffffff. Alright no way I can meet up with you sooner?
ham	Just forced myself to eat a slice. I'm really not hungry tho. This sucks. Mark is getting worried. He knows I'm sick when I turn down pizza. Lol
ham	Lol your always so convincing.
ham	Did you catch the bus ? Are you frying an egg ? Did you make a tea? Are you eating your mom's left over dinner ? Do you feel my Love ?
ham	I'm back &amp; we're packing the car now, I'll let you know if there's room
ham	Ahhh. Work. I vaguely remember that! What does it feel like? Lol
ham	Wait that's still not all that clear, were you not sure about me being sarcastic or that that's why x doesn't want to live with us
ham	Yeah he got in at 2 and was v apologetic. n had fallen out and she was actin like spoilt child and he got caught up in that. Till 2! But we won't go there! Not doing too badly cheers. You? 
ham	K tell me anything about you.
ham	For fear of fainting with the of all that housework you just did? Quick have a cuppa
spam	Thanks for your subscription to Ringtone UK your mobile will be charged £5/month Please confirm by replying YES or NO. If you reply NO you will not be charged
ham	Yup... Ok i go home look at the timings then i msg ü again... Xuhui going to learn on 2nd may too but her lesson is at 8am
ham	Oops, I'll let you know when my roommate's done
ham	I see the letter B on my car
ham	Anything lor... U decide...
ham	Hello! How's you and how did saturday go? I was just texting to see if you'd decided to do anything tomo. Not that i'm trying to invite myself or anything!
ham	Pls go ahead with watts. I just wanted to be sure. Do have a great weekend. Abiola
ham	Did I forget to tell you ? I want you , I need you, I crave you ... But most of all ... I love you my sweet Arabian steed ... Mmmmmm ... Yummy
spam	07732584351 - Rodger Burns - MSG = We tried to call you re your reply to our sms for a free nokia mobile + free camcorder. Please call now 08000930705 for delivery tomorrow
ham	WHO ARE YOU SEEING?
ham	Great! I hope you like your man well endowed. I am  &lt;#&gt;  inches...
ham	No calls..messages..missed calls
ham	Didn't you get hep b immunisation in nigeria.
ham	Fair enough, anything going on?
ham	Yeah hopefully, if tyler can't do it I could maybe ask around a bit
ham	U don't know how stubborn I am. I didn't even want to go to the hospital. I kept telling Mark I'm not a weak sucker. Hospitals are for weak suckers.
ham	What you thinked about me. First time you saw me in class.
ham	A gram usually runs like  &lt;#&gt; , a half eighth is smarter though and gets you almost a whole second gram for  &lt;#&gt;
ham	K fyi x has a ride early tomorrow morning but he's crashing at our place tonight
ham	Wow. I never realized that you were so embarassed by your accomodations. I thought you liked it, since i was doing the best i could and you always seemed so happy about "the cave". I'm sorry I didn't and don't have more to give. I'm sorry i offered. I'm sorry your room was so embarassing.
spam	SMS. ac Sptv: The New Jersey Devils and the Detroit Red Wings play Ice Hockey. Correct or Incorrect? End? Reply END SPTV
ham	Do you know what Mallika Sherawat did yesterday? Find out now @  &lt;URL&gt;
spam	Congrats! 1 year special cinema pass for 2 is yours. call 09061209465 now! C Suprman V, Matrix3, StarWars3, etc all 4 FREE! bx420-ip4-5we. 150pm. Dont miss out! 
ham	Sorry, I'll call later in meeting.
ham	Tell where you reached
ham	Yes..gauti and sehwag out of odi series.
ham	Your gonna have to pick up a $1 burger for yourself on your way home. I can't even move. Pain is killing me.
ham	Ha ha ha good joke. Girls are situation seekers.
ham	Its a part of checking IQ
ham	Sorry my roommates took forever, it ok if I come by now?
ham	Ok lar i double check wif da hair dresser already he said wun cut v short. He said will cut until i look nice.
spam	As a valued customer, I am pleased to advise you that following recent review of your Mob No. you are awarded with a £1500 Bonus Prize, call 09066364589
ham	Today is "song dedicated day.." Which song will u dedicate for me? Send this to all ur valuable frnds but first rply me...
spam	Urgent UR awarded a complimentary trip to EuroDisinc Trav, Aco&Entry41 Or £1000. To claim txt DIS to 87121 18+6*£1.50(moreFrmMob. ShrAcomOrSglSuplt)10, LS1 3AJ
spam	Did you hear about the new "Divorce Barbie"? It comes with all of Ken's stuff!
ham	I plane to give on this month end.
ham	Wah lucky man... Then can save money... Hee...
ham	Finished class where are you.
ham	HI BABE IM AT HOME NOW WANNA DO SOMETHING? XX
ham	K..k:)where are you?how did you performed?
ham	U can call me now...
ham	I am waiting machan. Call me once you free.
ham	Thats cool. i am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
ham	I like you peoples very much:) but am very shy pa.
ham	Does not operate after  &lt;#&gt;  or what
ham	Its not the same here. Still looking for a job. How much do Ta's earn there.
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	K. Did you call me just now ah? 
ham	Ok i am on the way to home hi hi
ham	You will be in the place of that man
ham	Yup next stop.
ham	I call you later, don't have network. If urgnt, sms me.
ham	For real when u getting on yo? I only need 2 more tickets and one more jacket and I'm done. I already used all my multis.
ham	Yes I started to send requests to make it but pain came back so I'm back in bed. Double coins at the factory too. I gotta cash in all my nitros.
ham	I'm really not up to it still tonight babe
ham	Ela kano.,il download, come wen ur free..
ham	Yeah do! Don‘t stand to close tho- you‘ll catch something!
ham	Sorry to be a pain. Is it ok if we meet another night? I spent late afternoon in casualty and that means i haven't done any of y stuff42moro and that includes all my time sheets and that. Sorry. 
ham	Smile in Pleasure Smile in Pain Smile when trouble pours like Rain Smile when sum1 Hurts U Smile becoz SOMEONE still Loves to see u Smiling!!
spam	Please call our customer service representative on 0800 169 6031 between 10am-9pm as you have WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or £5000 prize!
ham	Havent planning to buy later. I check already lido only got 530 show in e afternoon. U finish work already?
spam	Your free ringtone is waiting to be collected. Simply text the password "MIX" to 85069 to verify. Get Usher and Britney. FML, PO Box 5249, MK17 92H. 450Ppw 16
ham	Watching telugu movie..wat abt u?
ham	i see. When we finish we have loads of loans to pay
ham	Hi. Wk been ok - on hols now! Yes on for a bit of a run. Forgot that i have hairdressers appointment at four so need to get home n shower beforehand. Does that cause prob for u?"
ham	I see a cup of coffee animation
ham	Please don't text me anymore. I have nothing else to say.
ham	Okay name ur price as long as its legal! Wen can I pick them up? Y u ave x ams xx
ham	I'm still looking for a car to buy. And have not gone 4the driving test yet.
ham	As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
ham	wow. You're right! I didn't mean to do that. I guess once i gave up on boston men and changed my search location to nyc, something changed. Cuz on my signin page it still says boston.
ham	Umma my life and vava umma love you lot dear
ham	Thanks a lot for your wishes on my birthday. Thanks you for making my birthday truly memorable.
ham	Aight, I'll hit you up when I get some cash
ham	How would my ip address test that considering my computer isn't a minecraft server
ham	I know! Grumpy old people. My mom was like you better not be lying. Then again I am always the one to play jokes...
ham	Dont worry. I guess he's busy.
ham	What is the plural of the noun research?
ham	Going for dinner.msg you after.
ham	I'm ok wif it cos i like 2 try new things. But i scared u dun like mah. Cos u said not too loud.
spam	GENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you won a £1000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09064012160. Claim Code K52. Valid 12hrs only. 150ppm
ham	Wa, ur openin sentence very formal... Anyway, i'm fine too, juz tt i'm eatin too much n puttin on weight...Haha... So anythin special happened?
ham	As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
spam	You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive £1000 or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810910p/min (18+) 
ham	Goodo! Yes we must speak friday - egg-potato ratio for tortilla needed! 
ham	Hmm...my uncle just informed me that he's paying the school directly. So pls buy food.
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2004 Account Statement for 07742676969 shows 786 unredeemed Bonus Points. To claim call 08719180248 Identifier Code: 45239 Expires
spam	URGENT! Your Mobile No. was awarded £2000 Bonus Caller Prize on 5/9/03 This is our final try to contact U! Call from Landline 09064019788 BOX42WR29C, 150PPM
ham	here is my new address -apples&pairs&all that malarky
spam	Todays Voda numbers ending 7548 are selected to receive a $350 award. If you have a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 4041 standard rates app
ham	I am going to sao mu today. Will be done only at 12 
ham	Ü predict wat time ü'll finish buying?
ham	Good stuff, will do.
ham	Just so that you know,yetunde hasn't sent money yet. I just sent her a text not to bother sending. So its over, you dont have to involve yourself in anything. I shouldn't have imposed anything on you in the first place so for that, i apologise.
ham	Are you there in room.
ham	HEY GIRL. HOW R U? HOPE U R WELL ME AN DEL R BAK! AGAIN LONG TIME NO C! GIVE ME A CALL SUM TIME FROM LUCYxx
ham	K..k:)how much does it cost?
ham	I'm home.
ham	Dear, will call Tmorrow.pls accomodate.
ham	First answer my question.
spam	Sunshine Quiz Wkly Q! Win a top Sony DVD player if u know which country the Algarve is in? Txt ansr to 82277. £1.50 SP:Tyrone
spam	Want 2 get laid tonight? Want real Dogging locations sent direct 2 ur mob? Join the UK's largest Dogging Network bt Txting GRAVEL to 69888! Nt. ec2a. 31p.msg@150p
ham	I only haf msn. It's yijue@hotmail.com
ham	He is there. You call and meet him
ham	No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
spam	You'll not rcv any more msgs from the chat svc. For FREE Hardcore services text GO to: 69988 If u get nothing u must Age Verify with yr network & try again
ham	Got c... I lazy to type... I forgot ü in lect... I saw a pouch but like not v nice...
ham	K, text me when you're on the way
ham	Sir, Waiting for your mail.
ham	A swt thought: "Nver get tired of doing little things 4 lovable persons.." Coz..somtimes those little things occupy d biggest part in their Hearts.. Gud ni8
ham	I know you are. Can you pls open the back?
ham	Yes see ya not on the dot
ham	Whats the staff name who is taking class for us?
spam	FreeMsg Why haven't you replied to my text? I'm Randy, sexy, female and live local. Luv to hear from u. Netcollex Ltd 08700621170150p per msg reply Stop to end
ham	Ummma.will call after check in.our life will begin from qatar so pls pray very hard.
ham	K..i deleted my contact that why?
ham	Sindu got job in birla soft ..
ham	The wine is flowing and i'm i have nevering..
ham	Yup i thk cine is better cos no need 2 go down 2 plaza mah.
ham	Ok... Ur typical reply...
ham	As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
ham	You are everywhere dirt, on the floor, the windows, even on my shirt. And sometimes when i open my mouth, you are all that comes flowing out. I dream of my world without you, then half my chores are out too. A time of joy for me, lots of tv shows i.ll see. But i guess like all things you just must exist, like rain, hail and mist, and when my time here is done, you and i become one.
ham	Aaooooright are you at work?
ham	I'm leaving my house now...
ham	Hello, my love. What are you doing? Did you get to that interview today? Are you you happy? Are you being a good boy? Do you think of me?Are you missing me ?
spam	Customer service annoncement. You have a New Years delivery waiting for you. Please call 07046744435 now to arrange delivery
spam	You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive £1000 cash or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810810
ham	Keep yourself safe for me because I need you and I miss you already and I envy everyone that see's you in real life
ham	New car and house for my parents.:)i have only new job in hand:)
ham	I'm so in love with you. I'm excited each day i spend with you. You make me so happy.
spam	-PLS STOP bootydelious (32/F) is inviting you to be her friend. Reply YES-434 or NO-434 See her: www.SMS.ac/u/bootydelious STOP? Send STOP FRND to 62468
spam	BangBabes Ur order is on the way. U SHOULD receive a Service Msg 2 download UR content. If U do not, GoTo wap. bangb. tv on UR mobile internet/service menu
ham	I place all ur points on e cultures module already.
spam	URGENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you have won a £900 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09061701939. Claim code S89. Valid 12hrs only
ham	Hi frnd, which is best way to avoid missunderstding wit our beloved one's?
ham	Great escape. I fancy the bridge but needs her lager. See you tomo 
ham	Yes :)it completely in out of form:)clark also utter waste.
ham	Sir, I need AXIS BANK account no and bank address.
ham	Hmmm.. Thk sure got time to hop ard... Ya, can go 4 free abt... Muz call u to discuss liao... 
ham	What time you coming down later? 
ham	Bloody hell, cant believe you forgot my surname Mr . Ill give u a clue, its spanish and begins with m... 
ham	Well, i'm gonna finish my bath now. Have a good...fine night.
ham	Let me know when you've got the money so carlos can make the call
ham	U still going to the mall?
ham	Turns out my friends are staying for the whole show and won't be back til ~ &lt;#&gt; , so feel free to go ahead and smoke that $ &lt;#&gt;  worth
ham	Text her. If she doesnt reply let me know so i can have her log in
ham	Hi! You just spoke to MANEESHA V. We'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. Reply Toll Free with Yes or No.
ham	You lifted my hopes with the offer of money. I am in need. Especially when the end of the month approaches and it hurts my studying. Anyways have a gr8 weekend
ham	Lol no. U can trust me.
ham	ok. I am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
ham	He will, you guys close?
ham	Going on nothing great.bye
ham	Hello handsome ! Are you finding that job ? Not being lazy ? Working towards getting back that net for mummy ? Where's my boytoy now ? Does he miss me ?
ham	Haha awesome, be there in a minute
spam	Please call our customer service representative on FREEPHONE 0808 145 4742 between 9am-11pm as you have WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or £5000 prize!
ham	Have you got Xmas radio times. If not i will get it now
ham	I jus reached home. I go bathe first. But my sis using net tell u when she finishes k...
spam	Are you unique enough? Find out from 30th August. www.areyouunique.co.uk
ham	I'm sorry. I've joined the league of people that dont keep in touch. You mean a great deal to me. You have been a friend at all times even at great personal cost. Do have a great week.|
ham	Hi :)finally i completed the course:)
ham	It will stop on itself. I however suggest she stays with someone that will be able to give ors for every stool.
ham	How are you doing? Hope you've settled in for the new school year. Just wishin you a gr8 day
ham	Gud mrng dear hav a nice day
ham	Did u got that persons story
ham	is your hamster dead? Hey so tmr i meet you at 1pm orchard mrt? 
ham	Hi its Kate how is your evening? I hope i can see you tomorrow for a bit but i have to bloody babyjontet! Txt back if u can. :) xxx
ham	Found it, ENC  &lt;#&gt; , where you at?
ham	I sent you  &lt;#&gt;  bucks
ham	Hello darlin ive finished college now so txt me when u finish if u can love Kate xxx
ham	Your account has been refilled successfully by INR  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . Your KeralaCircle prepaid account balance is Rs  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . Your Transaction ID is KR &lt;#&gt; .
ham	Goodmorning sleeping ga.
ham	U call me alter at 11 ok.
ham	Ü say until like dat i dun buy ericsson oso cannot oredi lar...
ham	As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
ham	Aight yo, dats straight dogg
ham	You please give us connection today itself before  &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  or refund the bill
ham	Both :) i shoot big loads so get ready!
ham	What's up bruv, hope you had a great break. Do have a rewarding semester.
ham	Home so we can always chat
ham	K:)k:)good:)study well.
ham	Yup... How ü noe leh...
ham	Sounds great! Are you home now?
ham	Finally the match heading towards draw as your prediction.
ham	Tired. I haven't slept well the past few nights.
ham	Easy ah?sen got selected means its good..
ham	I have to take exam with march 3
ham	Yeah you should. I think you can use your gt atm now to register. Not sure but if there's anyway i can help let me know. But when you do be sure you are ready.
ham	Ok no prob. Take ur time.
ham	There is os called ubandu which will run without installing in hard disk...you can use that os to copy the important files in system and give it to repair shop..
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	U say leh... Of course nothing happen lar. Not say v romantic jus a bit only lor. I thk e nite scenery not so nice leh.
spam	500 New Mobiles from 2004, MUST GO! Txt: NOKIA to No: 89545 & collect yours today!From ONLY £1 www.4-tc.biz 2optout 087187262701.50gbp/mtmsg18
ham	Would really appreciate if you call me. Just need someone to talk to.
spam	Will u meet ur dream partner soon? Is ur career off 2 a flyng start? 2 find out free, txt HORO followed by ur star sign, e. g. HORO ARIES
ham	Hey company elama po mudyadhu.
ham	Life is more strict than teacher... Bcoz Teacher teaches lesson &amp; then conducts exam, But Life first conducts Exam &amp; then teaches Lessons. Happy morning. . .
ham	Dear good morning now only i am up
ham	Get down in gandhipuram and walk to cross cut road. Right side &lt;#&gt; street road and turn at first right.
ham	Dear we are going to our rubber place
ham	Sorry battery died, yeah I'm here
ham	Yes:)here tv is always available in work place..
spam	Text & meet someone sexy today. U can find a date or even flirt its up to U. Join 4 just 10p. REPLY with NAME & AGE eg Sam 25. 18 -msg recd@thirtyeight pence
ham	I have printed it oh. So  &lt;#&gt;  come upstairs
ham	Or ill be a little closer like at the bus stop on the same street
ham	Where are you?when wil you reach here?
ham	New Theory: Argument wins d SITUATION, but loses the PERSON. So dont argue with ur friends just.. . . . kick them &amp; say, I'm always correct.!
spam	U 447801259231 have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09058094597
ham	Tomarrow final hearing on my laptop case so i cant.
ham	PLEASSSSSSSEEEEEE TEL ME V AVENT DONE SPORTSx
ham	Okay. No no, just shining on. That was meant to be signing, but that sounds better.
ham	Although i told u dat i'm into baig face watches now but i really like e watch u gave cos it's fr u. Thanx 4 everything dat u've done today, i'm touched...
ham	U don't remember that old commercial?
ham	Too late. I said i have the website. I didn't i have or dont have the slippers
ham	I asked you to call him now ok
ham	Kallis wont bat in 2nd innings.
ham	It didnt work again oh. Ok goodnight then. I.ll fix and have it ready by the time you wake up. You are very dearly missed have a good night sleep.
spam	Congratulations ur awarded 500 of CD vouchers or 125gift guaranteed & Free entry 2 100 wkly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnCs www.Ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16
ham	Ranjith cal drpd Deeraj and deepak 5min hold
ham	Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da.
ham	What you doing?how are you?
ham	Ups which is 3days also, and the shipping company that takes 2wks. The other way is usps which takes a week but when it gets to lag you may have to bribe nipost to get your stuff.
ham	I'm back, lemme know when you're ready
ham	Don't necessarily expect it to be done before you get back though because I'm just now headin out
ham	Mmm so yummy babe ... Nice jolt to the suzy
ham	Where are you lover ? I need you ...
spam	We tried to contact you re your reply to our offer of a Video Handset? 750 anytime networks mins? UNLIMITED TEXT? Camcorder? Reply or call 08000930705 NOW
ham	I‘m parked next to a MINI!!!! When are you coming in today do you think?
ham	Yup
ham	Anyway i'm going shopping on my own now. Cos my sis not done yet. Dun disturb u liao.
ham	MY NO. IN LUTON 0125698789 RING ME IF UR AROUND! H*
spam	Hey I am really horny want to chat or see me naked text hot to 69698 text charged at 150pm to unsubscribe text stop 69698
ham	Why you Dint come with us.
ham	Same. Wana plan a trip sometme then
ham	Not sure yet, still trying to get a hold of him
spam	Ur ringtone service has changed! 25 Free credits! Go to club4mobiles.com to choose content now! Stop? txt CLUB STOP to 87070. 150p/wk Club4 PO Box1146 MK45 2WT
ham	The evo. I just had to download flash. Jealous?
spam	Ringtone Club: Get the UK singles chart on your mobile each week and choose any top quality ringtone! This message is free of charge.
ham	Come to mu, we're sorting out our narcotics situation
ham	Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay.
spam	HMV BONUS SPECIAL 500 pounds of genuine HMV vouchers to be won. Just answer 4 easy questions. Play Now! Send HMV to 86688 More info:www.100percent-real.com
ham	Usf I guess, might as well take 1 car
ham	No objection. My bf not coming.
ham	Thanx...
ham	Tell rob to mack his gf in the theater
ham	Awesome, I'll see you in a bit
ham	Just sent it. So what type of food do you like?
ham	All done? All handed in? Celebrations in full swing yet?
ham	You got called a tool?
ham	"Wen u miss someone, the person is definitely special for u..... But if the person is so special, why to miss them, just Keep-in-touch" gdeve..
ham	Ok. I asked for money how far
ham	Okie...
ham	Yeah I think my usual guy's still passed out from last night, if you get ahold of anybody let me know and I'll throw down
ham	K, I might come by tonight then if my class lets out early
ham	Ok..
ham	hi baby im cruisin with my girl friend what r u up 2? give me a call in and hour at home if thats alright or fone me on this fone now love jenny xxx
ham	My life Means a lot to me, Not because I love my life, But because I love the people in my life, The world calls them friends, I call them my World:-).. Ge:-)..
ham	Dear,shall mail tonite.busy in the street,shall update you tonite.things are looking ok.varunnathu edukkukayee raksha ollu.but a good one in real sense.
ham	Hey you told your name to gautham ah?
ham	Haf u found him? I feel so stupid da v cam was working.
ham	Oops. 4 got that bit.
ham	Are you this much buzy
ham	I accidentally deleted the message. Resend please.
spam	T-Mobile customer you may now claim your FREE CAMERA PHONE upgrade & a pay & go sim card for your loyalty. Call on 0845 021 3680.Offer ends 28thFeb.T&C's apply
ham	Unless it's a situation where YOU GO GURL would be more appropriate
ham	Hurt me... Tease me... Make me cry... But in the end of my life when i die plz keep one rose on my grave and say STUPID I MISS U.. HAVE A NICE DAY BSLVYL
ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham	Need a coffee run tomo?Can't believe it's that time of week already
ham	Awesome, I remember the last time we got somebody high for the first time with diesel :V
ham	Shit that is really shocking and scary, cant imagine for a second. Def up for night out. Do u think there is somewhere i could crash for night, save on taxi?
ham	Oh and by the way you do have more food in your fridge! Want to go out for a meal tonight? 
ham	He is a womdarfull actor
spam	SMS. ac Blind Date 4U!: Rodds1 is 21/m from Aberdeen, United Kingdom. Check Him out http://img. sms. ac/W/icmb3cktz8r7!-4 no Blind Dates send HIDE
ham	Yup... From what i remb... I think should be can book... 
ham	Jos ask if u wana meet up?
ham	Lol yes. Our friendship is hanging on a thread cause u won't buy stuff.
spam	TheMob> Check out our newest selection of content, Games, Tones, Gossip, babes and sport, Keep your mobile fit and funky text WAP to 82468
ham	Where are the garage keys? They aren't on the bookshelf
ham	Today is ACCEPT DAY..U Accept me as? Brother Sister Lover Dear1 Best1 Clos1 Lvblefrnd Jstfrnd Cutefrnd Lifpartnr Belovd Swtheart Bstfrnd No rply means enemy
spam	Think ur smart ? Win £200 this week in our weekly quiz, text PLAY to 85222 now!T&Cs WinnersClub PO BOX 84, M26 3UZ. 16+. GBP1.50/week
ham	He says he'll give me a call when his friend's got the money but that he's definitely buying before the end of the week
ham	Hi the way I was with u 2day, is the normal way&this is the real me. UR unique&I hope I know u 4 the rest of mylife. Hope u find wot was lost.
ham	You made my day. Do have a great day too.
ham	K.k:)advance happy pongal.
ham	Hmmm... Guess we can go 4 kb n power yoga... Haha, dunno we can tahan power yoga anot... Thk got lo oso, forgot liao...
ham	Not really dude, have no friends i'm afraid :(
spam	December only! Had your mobile 11mths+? You are entitled to update to the latest colour camera mobile for Free! Call The Mobile Update Co FREE on 08002986906
ham	Coffee cake, i guess...
ham	Merry Christmas to you too babe, i love ya *kisses*
ham	Hey... Why dont we just go watch x men and have lunch... Haha 
ham	cud u tell ppl im gona b a bit l8 cos 2 buses hav gon past cos they were full & im still waitin 4 1. Pete x
ham	That would be great. We'll be at the Guild. Could meet on Bristol road or somewhere - will get in touch over weekend. Our plans take flight! Have a good week
ham	No problem. How are you doing?
ham	No calls..messages..missed calls
ham	Hi da:)how is the todays class?
ham	I'd say that's a good sign but, well, you know my track record at reading women
ham	Cool, text me when you're parked
ham	I'm reading the text i just sent you. Its meant to be a joke. So read it in that light
ham	K.k:)apo k.good movie.
ham	Maybe i could get book out tomo then return it immediately ..? Or something.
spam	Call Germany for only 1 pence per minute! Call from a fixed line via access number 0844 861 85 85. No prepayment. Direct access!
ham	Any chance you might have had with me evaporated as soon as you violated my privacy by stealing my phone number from your employer's paperwork. Not cool at all. Please do not contact me again or I will report you to your supervisor.
spam	Valentines Day Special! Win over £1000 in our quiz and take your partner on the trip of a lifetime! Send GO to 83600 now. 150p/msg rcvd. CustCare:08718720201.
ham	Ta-Daaaaa! I am home babe, are you still up ?
ham	Cool. So how come you havent been wined and dined before?
ham	Just sleeping..and surfing
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	U calling me right? Call my hand phone...
ham	Ok that's great thanx a lot.
ham	I take it the post has come then! You must have 1000s of texts now! Happy reading. My one from wiv hello caroline at the end is my favourite. Bless him
ham	Where u been hiding stranger?
ham	Am not interested to do like that.
ham	My sister cleared two round in birla soft yesterday.
ham	Gudnite....tc...practice going on
ham	Dis is yijue. I jus saw ur mail. In case huiming havent sent u my num. Dis is my num.
ham	One small prestige problem now.
spam	Fancy a shag? I do.Interested? sextextuk.com txt XXUK SUZY to 69876. Txts cost 1.50 per msg. TnCs on website. X
ham	Just checking in on you. Really do miss seeing Jeremiah. Do have a great month
ham	Nah can't help you there, I've never had an iphone
ham	If you're not in my car in an hour and a half I'm going apeshit
ham	TODAY is Sorry day.! If ever i was angry with you, if ever i misbehaved or hurt you? plz plz JUST SLAP URSELF Bcoz, Its ur fault, I'm basically GOOD
ham	Yo you guys ever figure out how much we need for alcohol? Jay and I are trying to figure out how much we can safely spend on weed
ham	&lt;#&gt; ISH MINUTES WAS 5 MINUTES AGO. WTF.
ham	Thank You for calling.Forgot to say Happy Onam to you Sirji.I am fine here and remembered you when i met an insurance person.Meet You in Qatar Insha Allah.Rakhesh, ex Tata AIG who joined TISSCO,Tayseer.
spam	Congratulations ur awarded 500 of CD vouchers or 125gift guaranteed & Free entry 2 100 wkly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnCs www.Ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16
spam	Ur cash-balance is currently 500 pounds - to maximize ur cash-in now send CASH to 86688 only 150p/msg. CC: 08708800282 HG/Suite342/2Lands Row/W1J6HL
ham	I'm an actor. When i work, i work in the evening and sleep late. Since i'm unemployed at the moment, i ALWAYS sleep late. When you're unemployed, every day is saturday.
ham	Hello! Just got here, st andrews-boy its a long way! Its cold. I will keep you posted
ham	Ha ha cool cool chikku chikku:-):-DB-)
ham	Oh ok no prob..
ham	Check audrey's status right now
ham	Busy here. Trying to finish for new year. I am looking forward to finally meeting you...
ham	Good afternoon sunshine! How dawns that day ? Are we refreshed and happy to be alive? Do we breathe in the air and smile ? I think of you, my love ... As always
ham	Well i know Z will take care of me. So no worries.
spam	Update_Now - Xmas Offer! Latest Motorola, SonyEricsson & Nokia & FREE Bluetooth! Double Mins & 1000 Txt on Orange. Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/F4Q=
spam	Here is your discount code RP176781. To stop further messages reply stop. www.regalportfolio.co.uk. Customer Services 08717205546
ham	Wat uniform? In where get?
ham	Cool, text me when you're ready
ham	Hello my boytoy ... Geeee I miss you already and I just woke up. I wish you were here in bed with me, cuddling me. I love you ...
ham	I will spoil you in bed as well :)
ham	I'm going for bath will msg you next  &lt;#&gt;  min..
ham	I cant keep talking to people if am not sure i can pay them if they agree to price. So pls tell me what you want to really buy and how much you are willing to pay
spam	Thanks for your Ringtone Order, Reference T91. You will be charged GBP 4 per week. You can unsubscribe at anytime by calling customer services on 09057039994
ham	Can you say what happen
ham	You could have seen me..i did't recognise you Face.:)
ham	Well there's not a lot of things happening in Lindsay on New years *sighs* Some bars in Ptbo and the blue heron has something going
ham	Keep my payasam there if rinu brings
ham	I taught that Ranjith sir called me. So only i sms like that. Becaus hes verifying about project. Prabu told today so only pa dont mistake me..
ham	I guess that's why you re worried. You must know that there's a way the body repairs itself. And i'm quite sure you shouldn't worry. We'll take it slow. First the tests, they will guide when your ovulation is then just relax. Nothing you've said is a reason to worry but i.ll keep on followin you up.
ham	Yeah sure, give me a couple minutes to track down my wallet
ham	Hey leave it. not a big deal:-) take care.
ham	Hey i will be late ah... Meet you at 945+
spam	Double mins and txts 4 6months FREE Bluetooth on Orange. Available on Sony, Nokia Motorola phones. Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/N9DX
ham	It took Mr owl 3 licks
ham	Customer place i will call you.
ham	Mm that time you dont like fun
spam	4mths half price Orange line rental & latest camera phones 4 FREE. Had your phone 11mths ? Call MobilesDirect free on 08000938767 to update now! or2stoptxt
ham	Yup having my lunch buffet now.. U eat already?
ham	Huh so late... Fr dinner?
ham	Hey so this sat are we going for the intro pilates only? Or the kickboxing too? 
ham	Morning only i can ok.
ham	Yes i think so. I am in office but my lap is in room i think thats on for the last few days. I didnt shut that down
ham	Pick you up bout 7.30ish? What time are  and that going?
ham	From here after The performance award is calculated every two month.not for current one month period..
ham	Was actually sleeping and still might when u call back. So a text is gr8. You rock sis. Will send u a text wen i wake.
ham	You are always putting your business out there. You put pictures of your ass on facebook. You are one of the most open people i've ever met. Why would i think a picture of your room would hurt you, make you feel violated.
ham	Good evening Sir, Al Salam Wahleykkum.sharing a happy news.By the grace of God, i got an offer from Tayseer,TISSCO and i joined.Hope you are fine.Inshah Allah,meet you sometime.Rakhesh,visitor from India.
ham	Hmmm...k...but i want to change the field quickly da:-)i wanna get system administrator or network administrator..
spam	FREE RINGTONE text FIRST to 87131 for a poly or text GET to 87131 for a true tone! Help? 0845 2814032 16 after 1st free, tones are 3x£150pw to e£nd txt stop
ham	Dear how is chechi. Did you talk to her
ham	The hair cream has not been shipped.
ham	None of that's happening til you get here though
ham	Yep, the great loxahatchee xmas tree burning of  &lt;#&gt;  starts in an hour
ham	Haha get used to driving to usf man, I know a lot of stoners
ham	All was well until slightly disastrous class this pm with my fav darlings! Hope day off ok. Coffee wld be good as can't stay late tomorrow. Same time + place as always?
ham	Hello! Good week? Fancy a drink or something later?
ham	Headin towards busetop
ham	Message:some text missing* Sender:Name Missing* *Number Missing *Sent:Date missing *Missing U a lot thats y everything is missing sent via fullonsms.com
ham	Come by our room at some point so we can iron out the plan for this weekend
ham	Cos i want it to be your thing
ham	Okies... I'll go yan jiu too... We can skip ard oso, go cine den go mrt one, blah blah blah... 
ham	Bring home some Wendy =D
spam	100 dating service cal;l 09064012103 box334sk38ch
ham	Whatsup there. Dont u want to sleep
ham	Alright i have a new goal now
spam	FREE entry into our £250 weekly competition just text the word WIN to 80086 NOW. 18 T&C www.txttowin.co.uk
ham	Alright, I'll head out in a few minutes, text me where to meet you
spam	Send a logo 2 ur lover - 2 names joined by a heart. Txt LOVE NAME1 NAME2 MOBNO eg LOVE ADAM EVE 07123456789 to 87077 Yahoo! POBox36504W45WQ TxtNO 4 no ads 150p
ham	Yes:)from last week itself i'm taking live call.
spam	Someone has contacted our dating service and entered your phone because they fancy you! To find out who it is call from a landline 09111032124 . PoBox12n146tf150p
ham	Siva is in hostel aha:-.
spam	URGENT! Your Mobile number has been awarded with a £2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09058094455 from land line. Claim 3030. Valid 12hrs only
ham	Send this to ur friends and receive something about ur voice..... How is my speaking expression? 1.childish 2.naughty 3.Sentiment 4.rowdy 5.ful of attitude 6.romantic 7.shy 8.Attractive 9.funny  &lt;#&gt; .irritating  &lt;#&gt; .lovable. reply me..
ham	Ok. She'll be ok. I guess
ham	aathi..where are you dear..
ham	Any pain on urination any thing else?
ham	7 at esplanade.. Do ü mind giving me a lift cos i got no car today..
ham	I wnt to buy a BMW car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  &lt;#&gt; Lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. &lt;#&gt; lacs..thats my prob
ham	At home watching tv lor.
ham	Does she usually take fifteen fucking minutes to respond to a yes or no question
spam	Congrats! Nokia 3650 video camera phone is your Call 09066382422 Calls cost 150ppm Ave call 3mins vary from mobiles 16+ Close 300603 post BCM4284 Ldn WC1N3XX
ham	Booked ticket for pongal?
ham	You available now? I'm like right around hillsborough &amp;  &lt;#&gt; th
ham	The message sent is askin for  &lt;#&gt; dollars. Shoul i pay  &lt;#&gt;  or  &lt;#&gt; ?
ham	Ask g or iouri, I've told the story like ten times already
ham	How long does applebees fucking take
ham	Hi hope u get this txt~journey hasnt been gd,now about 50 mins late I think.
ham	But i have to. I like to have love and arrange.
ham	Yes..he is really great..bhaji told kallis best cricketer after sachin in world:).very tough to get out.
ham	You were supposed to wake ME up &gt;:(
ham	Oic... I saw him too but i tot he din c me... I found a group liao...
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	"HEY HEY WERETHE MONKEESPEOPLE SAY WE MONKEYAROUND! HOWDY GORGEOUS, HOWU DOIN? FOUNDURSELF A JOBYET SAUSAGE?LOVE JEN XXX"
ham	Sorry, my battery died, I can come by but I'm only getting a gram for now, where's your place?
ham	Well done, blimey, exercise, yeah, i kinda remember wot that is, hmm. 
ham	I wont get concentration dear you know you are my mind and everything :-)
ham	LOL ... Have you made plans for new years?
ham	10 min later k...
ham	hanks lotsly!
ham	Thanks for this hope you had a good day today
ham	K:)k:)what are detail you want to transfer?acc no enough?
ham	Ok i will tell her to stay out. Yeah its been tough but we are optimistic things will improve this month.
spam	Loan for any purpose £500 - £75,000. Homeowners + Tenants welcome. Have you been previously refused? We can still help. Call Free 0800 1956669 or text back 'help'
ham	Si si. I think ill go make those oreo truffles.
ham	LOOK AT AMY URE A BEAUTIFUL, INTELLIGENT WOMAN AND I LIKE U A LOT. I KNOW U DONT LIKE ME LIKE THAT SO DONT WORRY.
ham	I hope you that's the result of being consistently intelligent and kind. Start asking him about practicum links and keep your ears open and all the best. ttyl
ham	1.20 that call cost. Which i guess isnt bad. Miss ya, need ya, want ya, love ya
ham	Going thru a very different feeling.wavering decisions and coping up with the same is the same individual.time will heal everything i believe.
ham	Where did u go? My phone is gonna die you have to stay in here
ham	Great. Never been better. Each day gives even more reasons to thank God
spam	UpgrdCentre Orange customer, you may now claim your FREE CAMERA PHONE upgrade for your loyalty. Call now on 0207 153 9153. Offer ends 26th July. T&C's apply. Opt-out available
ham	Sorry, I'll call later ok bye
ham	Ok i am on the way to railway
ham	great princess! I love giving and receiving oral. Doggy style is my fave position. How about you? I enjoy making love  &lt;#&gt;  times per night :)
ham	They don't put that stuff on the roads to keep it from getting slippery over there?
ham	When are you going to ride your bike?
ham	Yup, no need. I'll jus wait 4 e rain 2 stop.
ham	There are many company. Tell me the language.
spam	okmail: Dear Dave this is your final notice to collect your 4* Tenerife Holiday or #5000 CASH award! Call 09061743806 from landline. TCs SAE Box326 CW25WX 150ppm
ham	How long has it been since you screamed, princess?
ham	Nothing. I meant that once the money enters your account here, the bank will remove its flat rate. Someone transfered  &lt;#&gt;  to my account and  &lt;#&gt; dollars got removed. So the banks differ and charges also differ.be sure you trust the 9ja person you are sending account details to cos...
spam	Want 2 get laid tonight? Want real Dogging locations sent direct 2 ur Mob? Join the UK's largest Dogging Network by txting MOAN to 69888Nyt. ec2a. 31p.msg@150p
ham	Nice line said by a broken heart- Plz don't cum 1 more times infront of me... Other wise once again I ll trust U... Good 9t:)
ham	Ok I'm gonna head up to usf in like fifteen minutes
ham	Love you aathi..love u lot..
ham	Tension ah?what machi?any problem?
ham	K, can I pick up another 8th when you're done?
ham	When're you guys getting back? G said you were thinking about not staying for mcr
ham	Almost there, see u in a sec
ham	Yo carlos, a few friends are already asking me about you, you working at all this weekend?
ham	Watching tv lor...
ham	Thank you baby! I cant wait to taste the real thing...
ham	You should change your fb to jaykwon thuglyfe falconerf
ham	If we win its really no 1 side for long time.
spam	FREE MESSAGE Activate your 500 FREE Text Messages by replying to this message with the word FREE For terms & conditions, visit www.07781482378.com
ham	Dear reached railway. What happen to you
ham	Depends on quality. If you want the type i sent boye, faded glory, then about 6. If you want ralphs maybe 2
ham	I think i've fixed it can you send a test message?
ham	Sorry man my account's dry or I would, if you want we could trade back half or I could buy some shit with my credit card
spam	Congrats! 1 year special cinema pass for 2 is yours. call 09061209465 now! C Suprman V, Matrix3, StarWars3, etc all 4 FREE! bx420-ip4-5we. 150pm. Dont miss out!
ham	Sorry,in meeting I'll call later
ham	What class of  &lt;#&gt;  reunion?
ham	Are you free now?can i call now?
ham	Got meh... When?
ham	Nope... Think i will go for it on monday... Sorry i replied so late
ham	Some of them told accenture is not confirm. Is it true.
ham	Kate jackson rec center before 7ish, right?
ham	Dear i have reache room
ham	Fighting with the world is easy, u either win or lose bt fightng with some1 who is close to u is dificult if u lose - u lose if u win - u still lose.
ham	When can ü come out?
ham	Check with nuerologist.
ham	Lolnice. I went from a fish to ..water.?
spam	+123 Congratulations - in this week's competition draw u have won the £1450 prize to claim just call 09050002311 b4280703. T&Cs/stop SMS 08718727868. Over 18 only 150ppm
ham	No it's waiting in e car dat's bored wat. Cos wait outside got nothing 2 do. At home can do my stuff or watch tv wat.
ham	Maybe westshore or hyde park village, the place near my house?
ham	You should know now. So how's anthony. Are you bringing money. I've school fees to pay and rent and stuff like that. Thats why i need your help. A friend in need....|
ham	What's the significance?
ham	Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
ham	8 at the latest, g's still there if you can scrounge up some ammo and want to give the new ak a try
ham	Prabha..i'm soryda..realy..frm heart i'm sory
ham	Lol ok your forgiven :)
ham	No..jst change tat only..
spam	You are guaranteed the latest Nokia Phone, a 40GB iPod MP3 player or a £500 prize! Txt word: COLLECT to No: 83355! IBHltd LdnW15H 150p/Mtmsgrcvd18+
ham	S:)no competition for him.
spam	Boltblue tones for 150p Reply POLY# or MONO# eg POLY3 1. Cha Cha Slide 2. Yeah 3. Slow Jamz 6. Toxic 8. Come With Me or STOP 4 more tones txt MORE
spam	Your credits have been topped up for http://www.bubbletext.com Your renewal Pin is tgxxrz
ham	That way transport is less problematic than on sat night. By the way, if u want to ask  n  to join my bday, feel free. But need to know definite nos as booking on fri. 
ham	Usually the person is unconscious that's in children but in adults they may just behave abnormally. I.ll call you now
ham	But that's on ebay it might be less elsewhere.
ham	Shall i come to get pickle
ham	Were gonna go get some tacos
ham	That's very rude, you on campus?
spam	URGENT!: Your Mobile No. was awarded a £2,000 Bonus Caller Prize on 02/09/03! This is our 2nd attempt to contact YOU! Call 0871-872-9755 BOX95QU
ham	Hi i won't b ard 4 christmas. But do enjoy n merry x'mas.
spam	Today's Offer! Claim ur £150 worth of discount vouchers! Text YES to 85023 now! SavaMob, member offers mobile! T Cs 08717898035. £3.00 Sub. 16 . Unsub reply X
ham	Yes! How is a pretty lady like you single?
spam	You will recieve your tone within the next 24hrs. For Terms and conditions please see Channel U Teletext Pg 750
ham	Jay says that you're a double-faggot
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for 07815296484 shows 800 un-redeemed S.I.M. points. Call 08718738001 Identifier Code 41782 Expires 18/11/04 
ham	What Today-sunday..sunday is holiday..so no work..
ham	Gudnite....tc...practice going on
ham	I'll be late...
ham	I've not called you in a while. This is hoping it was l8r malaria and that you know that we miss you guys. I miss Bani big, so pls give her my love especially. Have a great day.
ham	Good afternoon, my love! How goes that day ? I hope maybe you got some leads on a job. I think of you, boytoy and send you a passionate kiss from across the sea
ham	Probably gonna be here for a while, see you later tonight &lt;)
ham	Or maybe my fat fingers just press all these buttons and it doesn't know what to do.
ham	Ummmmmaah Many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY dear
ham	I am in tirupur da, once you started from office call me.
spam	from www.Applausestore.com MonthlySubscription@50p/msg max6/month T&CsC web age16 2stop txt stop
ham	A famous quote : when you develop the ability to listen to 'anything' unconditionally without losing your temper or self confidence, it means you are ......... 'MARRIED'
ham	But am going to college pa. What to do. are else ill come there it self. Pa.
ham	4 oclock at mine. Just to bash out a flat plan.
ham	This girl does not stay in bed. This girl doesn't need recovery time. Id rather pass out while having fun then be cooped up in bed
ham	Then any special there?
ham	I know but you need to get hotel now. I just got my invitation but i had to apologise. Cali is to sweet for me to come to some english bloke's weddin
ham	Sorry that took so long, omw now
ham	Wait  &lt;#&gt;  min..
ham	Ok give me 5 minutes I think I see her. BTW you're my alibi. You were cutting my hair the whole time.
ham	Imagine you finally get to sink into that bath after I have put you through your paces, maybe even having you eat me for a while before I left ... But also imagine the feel of that cage on your cock surrounded by the bath water, reminding you always who owns you ... Enjoy, my cuck
ham	Hurry up, I've been weed-deficient for like three days
ham	Sure, if I get an acknowledgement from you that it's astoundingly tactless and generally faggy to demand a blood oath fo
ham	Ok. Every night take a warm bath drink a cup of milk and you'll see a work of magic. You still need to loose weight. Just so that you know
ham	I‘ll have a look at the frying pan in case it‘s cheap or a book perhaps. No that‘s silly a frying pan isn‘t likely to be a book
ham	O. Well uv causes mutations. Sunscreen is like essential thesedays
ham	Having lunch:)you are not in online?why?
ham	I know that my friend already told that.
ham	Hi Princess! Thank you for the pics. You are very pretty. How are you?
ham	Aiyo... U always c our ex one... I dunno abt mei, she haven reply... First time u reply so fast... Y so lucky not workin huh, got bao by ur sugardad ah...gee.. 
ham	Hi msg me:)i'm in office..
ham	Thanx 4 e brownie it's v nice...
ham	Geeeee ... I love you so much I can barely stand it
spam	GENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you won a £1000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09064012160. Claim Code K52. Valid 12hrs only. 150ppm 
ham	Fuck babe ... I miss you already, you know ? Can't you let me send you some money towards your net ? I need you ... I want you ... I crave you ...
ham	Ill call u 2mrw at ninish, with my address that icky American freek wont stop callin me 2 bad Jen k eh?
ham	Oooh bed ridden ey? What are YOU thinking of?
ham	So anyways, you can just go to your gym or whatever, my love *smiles* I hope your ok and having a good day babe ... I miss you so much already
ham	Love it! Daddy will make you scream with pleasure! I am going to slap your ass with my dick!
ham	WOT U WANNA DO THEN MISSY?
ham	Yar lor wait 4 my mum 2 finish sch then have lunch lor... I whole morning stay at home clean my room now my room quite clean... Hee...
ham	Do you know where my lab goggles went
ham	Can you open the door?
ham	Waiting for your call.
ham	Nope i waiting in sch 4 daddy... 
spam	You have won ?1,000 cash or a ?2,000 prize! To claim, call09050000327
ham	I'm tired of arguing with you about this week after week. Do what you want and from now on, i'll do the same.
ham	Ü wait 4 me in sch i finish ard 5..
spam	our mobile number has won £5000, to claim calls us back or ring the claims hot line on 09050005321.
ham	Arngd marriage is while u r walkin unfortuntly a snake bites u. bt love marriage is dancing in frnt of d snake &amp; sayin Bite me, bite me.
ham	Huh so early.. Then ü having dinner outside izzit?
ham	Ok anyway no need to change with what you said
spam	We tried to contact you re your reply to our offer of 750 mins 150 textand a new video phone call 08002988890 now or reply for free delivery tomorrow
ham	my ex-wife was not able to have kids. Do you want kids one day?
ham	So how's scotland. Hope you are not over showing your JJC tendencies. Take care. Live the dream
ham	Tell them u have a headache and just want to use 1 hour of sick time.
ham	I dun thk i'll quit yet... Hmmm, can go jazz ? Yogasana oso can... We can go meet em after our lessons den... 
ham	"Pete can you please ring meive hardly gotany credit"
ham	Ya srsly better than yi tho
ham	I'm in a meeting, call me later at
spam	For ur chance to win a £250 wkly shopping spree TXT: SHOP to 80878. T's&C's www.txt-2-shop.com custcare 08715705022, 1x150p/wk
spam	You have been specially selected to receive a 2000 pound award! Call 08712402050 BEFORE the lines close. Cost 10ppm. 16+. T&Cs apply. AG Promo
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for 07753741225 shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08715203677 Identifier Code: 42478 Expires 24/10/04
ham	You still at grand prix?
ham	I met you as a stranger and choose you as my friend. As long as the world stands, our friendship never ends. Lets be Friends forever!!! Gud nitz...
ham	I am great! How are you?
ham	Gud mrng dear have a nice day
spam	You have an important customer service announcement. Call FREEPHONE 0800 542 0825 now!
ham	Will do. Was exhausted on train this morning. Too much wine and pie. You sleep well too
ham	I'm going out to buy mum's present ar.
ham	Mind blastin.. No more Tsunamis will occur from now on.. Rajnikant stopped swimming in Indian Ocean..:-D
ham	If u sending her home first it's ok lor. I'm not ready yet.
ham	Speaking of does he have any cash yet?
ham	Be happy there. I will come after noon
ham	Meet after lunch la...
ham	TaKe CaRE n gET WeLL sOOn
spam	XCLUSIVE@CLUBSAISAI 2MOROW 28/5 SOIREE SPECIALE ZOUK WITH NICHOLS FROM PARIS.FREE ROSES 2 ALL LADIES !!! info: 07946746291/07880867867 
ham	what I meant to say is cant wait to see u again getting bored of this bridgwater banter
ham	Neva mind it's ok..
ham	It's fine, imma get a drink or somethin. Want me to come find you?
spam	22 days to kick off! For Euro2004 U will be kept up to date with the latest news and results daily. To be removed send GET TXT STOP to 83222
ham	Its a valentine game. . . Send dis msg to all ur friends. .. If 5 answers r d same then someone really loves u. Ques- which colour suits me the best?rply me
ham	I have many dependents
ham	THANX4 TODAY CER IT WAS NICE 2 CATCH UP BUT WE AVE 2 FIND MORE TIME MORE OFTEN OH WELL TAKE CARE C U SOON.C
ham	I called and said all to him:)then he have to choose this future.
ham	"Happy valentines day" I know its early but i have hundreds of handsomes and beauties to wish. So i thought to finish off aunties and uncles 1st...
ham	He like not v shock leh. Cos telling shuhui is like telling leona also. Like dat almost all know liao. He got ask me abt ur reaction lor.
ham	For my family happiness..
ham	I come n pick ü up... Come out immediately aft ur lesson...
ham	Let there be snow. Let there be snow. This kind of weather brings ppl together so friendships can grow.
ham	Dear we got  &lt;#&gt;  dollars hi hi
ham	Good words.... But words may leave u in dismay many times.
ham	MAKE SURE ALEX KNOWS HIS BIRTHDAY IS OVER IN FIFTEEN MINUTES AS FAR AS YOU'RE CONCERNED
ham	sorry, no, have got few things to do. may be in pub later.
ham	Nah it's straight, if you can just bring bud or drinks or something that's actually a little more useful than straight cash
ham	Haha good to hear, I'm officially paid and on the market for an 8th
ham	How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
ham	Yup i thk they r e teacher said that will make my face look longer. Darren ask me not 2 cut too short.
spam	New TEXTBUDDY Chat 2 horny guys in ur area 4 just 25p Free 2 receive Search postcode or at gaytextbuddy.com. TXT ONE name to 89693
spam	Todays Vodafone numbers ending with 4882 are selected to a receive a £350 award. If your number matches call 09064019014 to receive your £350 award.
ham	Please dont say like that. Hi hi hi
ham	Thank u!
ham	Oh that was a forwarded message. I thought you send that to me
ham	Got it. Seventeen pounds for seven hundred ml – hope ok.
spam	Dear Voucher Holder, 2 claim this weeks offer, at your PC go to http://www.e-tlp.co.uk/expressoffer Ts&Cs apply.2 stop texts txt STOP to 80062.
ham	Me n him so funny...
ham	Sweetheart, hope you are not having that kind of day! Have one with loads of reasons to smile. Biola
ham	When ü login dat time... Dad fetching ü home now?
ham	What will we do in the shower, baby?
ham	I had askd u a question some hours before. Its answer
ham	Well imma definitely need to restock before thanksgiving, I'll let you know when I'm out
ham	 said kiss, kiss, i can't do the sound effects! He is a gorgeous man isn't he! Kind of person who needs a smile to brighten his day! 
ham	Probably gonna swing by in a wee bit
ham	Ya very nice. . .be ready on thursday
ham	Allo! We have braved the buses and taken on the trains and triumphed. I mean we‘re in b‘ham. Have a jolly good rest of week
ham	Watching cartoon, listening music &amp; at eve had to go temple &amp; church.. What about u?
ham	Do you mind if I ask what happened? You dont have to say if it is uncomfortable.
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08715203694 Identifier Code: 40533 Expires 31/10/04
ham	No prob. I will send to your email.
spam	You have won ?1,000 cash or a ?2,000 prize! To claim, call09050000327. T&C: RSTM, SW7 3SS. 150ppm
ham	Thats cool! Sometimes slow and gentle. Sonetimes rough and hard :)
ham	I'm gonna say no. Sorry. I would but as normal am starting to panic about time. Sorry again! Are you seeing on Tuesday?
ham	Wait, do you know if wesleys in town? I bet she does hella drugs!
ham	Fine i miss you very much.
ham	Did u got that persons story
ham	Tell them the drug dealer's getting impatient
ham	Sun cant come to earth but send luv as rays. cloud cant come to river but send luv as rain. I cant come to meet U, but can send my care as msg to U. Gud evng
ham	You will be in the place of that man
ham	It doesnt make sense to take it there unless its free. If you need to know more, wikipedia.com
spam	88800 and 89034 are premium phone services call 08718711108
ham	Under the sea, there lays a rock. In the rock, there is an envelope. In the envelope, there is a paper. On the paper, there are 3 words... '
ham	Then mum's repent how?
ham	Sorry me going home first... Daddy come fetch ü later...
ham	Leave it de:-). Start Prepare for next:-)..
ham	Yes baby! We can study all the positions of the kama sutra ;)
ham	En chikku nange bakra msg kalstiya..then had tea/coffee?
ham	Carlos'll be here in a minute if you still need to buy
ham	This pay is  &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  lakhs:)
ham	Have a good evening! Ttyl
ham	Did u receive my msg?
ham	Ho ho - big belly laugh! See ya tomo
spam	SMS. ac sun0819 posts HELLO:"You seem cool, wanted to say hi. HI!!!" Stop? Send STOP to 62468
spam	Get ur 1st RINGTONE FREE NOW! Reply to this msg with TONE. Gr8 TOP 20 tones to your phone every week just £1.50 per wk 2 opt out send STOP 08452810071 16
ham	Ditto. And you won't have to worry about me saying ANYTHING to you anymore. Like i said last night, you do whatever you want and i'll do the same. Peace.
ham	I've got  &lt;#&gt; , any way I could pick up?
ham	I dont knw pa, i just drink milk..
ham	Maybe?! Say hi to  and find out if  got his card. Great escape or wetherspoons? 
ham	Piggy, r u awake? I bet u're still sleeping. I'm going 4 lunch now...
ham	Cause I'm not freaky lol
ham	Missed your call cause I was yelling at scrappy. Miss u. Can't wait for u to come home. I'm so lonely today.
ham	What is this 'hex' place you talk of? Explain!
ham	Ü log off 4 wat. It's sdryb8i
ham	Is xy going 4 e lunch?
spam	Hi I'm sue. I am 20 years old and work as a lapdancer. I love sex. Text me live - I'm i my bedroom now. text SUE to 89555. By TextOperator G2 1DA 150ppmsg 18+
ham	I wanted to ask ü to wait 4 me to finish lect. Cos my lect finishes in an hour anyway.
ham	Have you finished work yet? :)
ham	Every King Was Once A Crying Baby And Every Great Building Was Once A Map.. Not Imprtant Where U r TODAY, BUT Where U Wil Reach TOMORW. Gud ni8
ham	Dear,Me at cherthala.in case u r coming cochin pls call bfore u start.i shall also reach accordingly.or tell me which day u r coming.tmorow i am engaged ans its holiday.
ham	Thanks love. But am i doing torch or bold.
spam	<Forwarded from 448712404000>Please CALL 08712404000 immediately as there is an urgent message waiting for you.
ham	Was the farm open?
ham	Sorry to trouble u again. Can buy 4d for my dad again? 1405, 1680, 1843. All 2 big 1 small, sat n sun. Thanx.
ham	My sister in law, hope you are having a great month. Just saying hey. Abiola
ham	Will purchase d stuff today and mail to you. Do you have a po box number?
ham	Ah poop. Looks like ill prob have to send in my laptop to get fixed cuz it has a gpu problem
ham	Good. Good job. I like entrepreneurs
ham	Aight, you close by or still down around alex's place?
ham	meet you in corporation st outside gap … you can see how my mind is working!
ham	Mum ask ü to buy food home...
ham	K..u also dont msg or reply to his msg..
ham	How much r ü willing to pay?
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	What is important is that you prevent dehydration by giving her enough fluids
ham	Thats a bit weird, even ?- where is the do supposed to be happening? But good idea, sure they will be in pub!
ham	True dear..i sat to pray evening and felt so.so i sms'd you in some time...
ham	I don't think I can get away for a trek that long with family in town, sorry
ham	So when do you wanna gym harri
ham	Quite late lar... Ard 12 anyway i wun b drivin...
spam	To review and KEEP the fantastic Nokia N-Gage game deck with Club Nokia, go 2 www.cnupdates.com/newsletter. unsubscribe from alerts reply with the word OUT
spam	4mths half price Orange line rental & latest camera phones 4 FREE. Had your phone 11mths+? Call MobilesDirect free on 08000938767 to update now! or2stoptxt T&Cs
ham	Height of Confidence: All the Aeronautics professors wer calld &amp; they wer askd 2 sit in an aeroplane. Aftr they sat they wer told dat the plane ws made by their students. Dey all hurried out of d plane.. Bt only 1 didnt move... He said:"if it is made by my students,this wont even start........ Datz confidence..
ham	It just seems like weird timing that the night that all you and g want is for me to come smoke is the same day as when a shitstorm is attributed to me always coming over and making everyone smoke
spam	08714712388 between 10am-7pm Cost 10p
ham	Save yourself the stress. If the person has a dorm account, just send your account details and the money will be sent to you.
ham	He also knows about lunch menu only da. . I know
ham	When i have stuff to sell i.ll tell you
spam	+449071512431 URGENT! This is the 2nd attempt to contact U!U have WON £1250 CALL 09071512433 b4 050703 T&CsBCM4235WC1N3XX. callcost 150ppm mobilesvary. max£7. 50
ham	Book which lesson? then you msg me... I will call up after work or sth... I'm going to get specs. My membership is PX3748
spam	You have WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or a £2000 prize. To claim yr prize call our customer service representative on 08714712394 between 10am-7pm
ham	Macha dont feel upset.i can assume your mindset.believe me one evening with me and i have some wonderful plans for both of us.LET LIFE BEGIN AGAIN.call me anytime
ham	Oh is it? Send me the address
ham	S'fine. Anytime. All the best with it.
ham	That is wondar full flim.
ham	Ya even those cookies have jelly on them
ham	The world is running and i am still.maybe all are feeling the same,so be it.or i have to admit,i am mad.then where is the correction?or let me call this is life.and keep running with the world,may be u r also running.lets run.
ham	Got it! It looks scrumptious... daddy wants to eat you all night long!
ham	Of cos can lar i'm not so ba dao ok... 1 pm lor... Y u never ask where we go ah... I said u would ask on fri but he said u will ask today...
ham	Alright omw, gotta change my order to a half8th
ham	Exactly. Anyways how far. Is jide her to study or just visiting
ham	Dunno y u ask me.
spam	Email AlertFrom: Jeri StewartSize: 2KBSubject: Low-cost prescripiton drvgsTo listen to email call 123
ham	No he didn't. Spring is coming early yay!
ham	Lol you won't feel bad when I use her money to take you out to a steak dinner =D
ham	Even u dont get in trouble while convincing..just tel him once or twice and just tel neglect his msgs dont c and read it..just dont reply
ham	Leaving to qatar tonite in search of an opportunity.all went fast.pls add me in ur prayers dear.Rakhesh
ham	Then why no one talking to me
ham	Thanks for looking out for me. I really appreciate.
spam	Hi. Customer Loyalty Offer:The NEW Nokia6650 Mobile from ONLY £10 at TXTAUCTION! Txt word: START to No: 81151 & get yours Now! 4T&Ctxt TC 150p/MTmsg
ham	Wish i were with you now!
ham	Haha mayb u're rite... U know me well. Da feeling of being liked by someone is gd lor. U faster go find one then all gals in our group attached liao.
ham	Yes i will be there. Glad you made it.
ham	Do well :)all will for little time. Thing of good times ahead:
ham	Just got up. have to be out of the room very soon. …. i hadn't put the clocks back til at 8 i shouted at everyone to get up and then realised it was 7. wahay. another hour in bed.
ham	Ok. There may be a free gym about.
ham	Men like shorter ladies. Gaze up into his eyes.
ham	Dunno he jus say go lido. Same time 930.
ham	I promise to take good care of you, princess. I have to run now. Please send pics when you get a chance. Ttyl!
spam	U are subscribed to the best Mobile Content Service in the UK for £3 per 10 days until you send STOP to 82324. Helpline 08706091795
ham	Is there a reason we've not spoken this year? Anyways have a great week and all the best in your exam
ham	By monday next week. Give me the full gist
spam	Do you realize that in about 40 years, we'll have thousands of old ladies running around with tattoos?
spam	You have an important customer service announcement from PREMIER.
ham	Dont gimme that lip caveboy
ham	When did you get to the library
ham	Realy sorry-i don't recognise this number and am now confused :) who r u please?! 
ham	So why didnt you holla?
ham	Cant think of anyone with * spare room off * top of my head
ham	Faith makes things possible,Hope makes things work,Love makes things beautiful,May you have all three this Christmas!Merry Christmas!
ham	U should have made an appointment
ham	Call me when you/carlos is/are here, my phone's vibrate is acting up and I might not hear texts
spam	Romantic Paris. 2 nights, 2 flights from £79 Book now 4 next year. Call 08704439680Ts&Cs apply.
ham	We are at grandmas. Oh dear, u still ill? I felt Shit this morning but i think i am just hungover! Another night then. We leave on sat.
spam	Urgent Ur £500 guaranteed award is still unclaimed! Call 09066368327 NOW closingdate04/09/02 claimcode M39M51 £1.50pmmorefrommobile2Bremoved-MobyPOBox734LS27YF
ham	Nothing but we jus tot u would ask cos u ba gua... But we went mt faber yest... Yest jus went out already mah so today not going out... Jus call lor...
ham	Wishing you and your family Merry "X" mas and HAPPY NEW Year in advance..
spam	UR awarded a City Break and could WIN a £200 Summer Shopping spree every WK. Txt STORE to 88039 . SkilGme. TsCs087147403231Winawk!Age16 £1.50perWKsub
ham	I'm nt goin, got somethin on, unless they meetin 4 dinner lor... Haha, i wonder who will go tis time...
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham	Lol I know! They're so dramatic. Schools already closed for tomorrow. Apparently we can't drive in the inch of snow were supposed to get.
ham	Not getting anywhere with this damn job hunting over here!
ham	Lol! U drunkard! Just doing my hair at d moment. Yeah still up 4 tonight. Wats the plan? 
ham	idc get over here, you are not weaseling your way out of this shit twice in a row
ham	I wil be there with in  &lt;#&gt;  minutes. Got any space
ham	Just sleeping..and surfing
ham	Thanks for picking up the trash.
ham	Why don't you go tell your friend you're not sure you want to live with him because he smokes too much then spend hours begging him to come smoke
ham	"Hi its Kate it was lovely to see you tonight and ill phone you tomorrow. I got to sing and a guy gave me his card! xxx"
ham	Happy New year my dear brother. I really do miss you. Just got your number and decided to send you this text wishing you only happiness. Abiola
ham	That means get the door
ham	Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
ham	Hmmm ... I thought we said 2 hours slave, not 3 ... You are late ... How should I punish you ?
ham	Beerage?
spam	You have an important customer service announcement from PREMIER. Call FREEPHONE 0800 542 0578 now!
ham	Dont think so. It turns off like randomlly within 5min of opening
ham	She was supposed to be but couldn't make it, she's still in town though
ham	It does it on its own. Most of the time it fixes my spelling. But sometimes it gets a completely diff word. Go figure
spam	Ever thought about living a good life with a perfect partner? Just txt back NAME and AGE to join the mobile community. (100p/SMS)
spam	5 Free Top Polyphonic Tones call 087018728737, National Rate. Get a toppoly tune sent every week, just text SUBPOLY to 81618, £3 per pole. UnSub 08718727870.
ham	Gud mrng dear hav a nice day
ham	This is hoping you enjoyed your game yesterday. Sorry i've not been in touch but pls know that you are fondly bein thot off. Have a great week. Abiola
ham	All e best 4 ur driving tmr :-)
ham	Y?WHERE U AT DOGBREATH? ITS JUST SOUNDING LIKE JAN C THATS AL!!!!!!!!!
ham	Omg I want to scream. I weighed myself and I lost more weight! Woohoo!
ham	There generally isn't one. It's an uncountable noun - u in the dictionary. pieces of research?
ham	it's really getting me down just hanging around.
spam	Orange customer, you may now claim your FREE CAMERA PHONE upgrade for your loyalty. Call now on 0207 153 9996. Offer ends 14thMarch. T&C's apply. Opt-out availa
ham	"Petey boy whereare you me and all your friendsare in theKingshead come down if you canlove Nic"
ham	Ok i msg u b4 i leave my house.
ham	"Gimme a few" was  &lt;#&gt;  minutes ago
spam	Last Chance! Claim ur £150 worth of discount vouchers today! Text SHOP to 85023 now! SavaMob, offers mobile! T Cs SavaMob POBOX84, M263UZ. £3.00 Sub. 16
ham	Appt is at &lt;TIME&gt; am. Not my fault u don't listen. I told u twice
spam	FREE for 1st week! No1 Nokia tone 4 ur mobile every week just txt NOKIA to 8077 Get txting and tell ur mates. www.getzed.co.uk POBox 36504 W45WQ 16+ norm150p/tone
spam	You have won a guaranteed £200 award or even £1000 cashto claim UR award call free on 08000407165 (18+) 2 stop getstop on 88222 PHP. RG21 4JX
ham	K I'll be there before 4.
ham	I dled 3d its very imp
ham	sure, but make sure he knows we ain't smokin yet
ham	Boooo you always work. Just quit.
ham	I am taking half day leave bec i am not well
ham	Ugh I don't wanna get out of bed. It's so warm.
ham	S:)s.nervous  &lt;#&gt; :)
ham	So there's a ring that comes with the guys costumes. It's there so they can gift their future yowifes. Hint hint
spam	Congratulations ur awarded either £500 of CD gift vouchers & Free entry 2 our £100 weekly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnCs www.Ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16
ham	I borrow ur bag ok.
spam	U were outbid by simonwatson5120 on the Shinco DVD Plyr. 2 bid again, visit sms. ac/smsrewards 2 end bid notifications, reply END OUT
ham	Where's my boytoy? I miss you ... What happened?
ham	He has lots of used ones babe, but the model doesn't help. Youi have to bring it over and he'll match it up
ham	Also are you bringing galileo or dobby
ham	Then why you not responding
ham	"BOO BABE! U ENJOYIN YOURJOB? U SEEMED 2 B GETTIN ON WELL HUNNY!HOPE URE OK?TAKE CARE & ILLSPEAK 2U SOONLOTS OF LOVEME XXXX."
ham	Good afternoon starshine! How's my boytoy? Does he crave me yet? Ache to fuck me ? *sips cappuccino* I miss you babe *teasing kiss*
ham	On the road so cant txt
spam	SMSSERVICES. for yourinclusive text credits, pls goto www.comuk.net login= 3qxj9 unsubscribe with STOP, no extra charge. help 08702840625.COMUK. 220-CM2 9AE
spam	25p 4 alfie Moon's Children in need song on ur mob. Tell ur m8s. Txt Tone charity to 8007 for Nokias or Poly charity for polys: zed 08701417012 profit 2 charity.
ham	Have a good evening! Ttyl
ham	Hmm .. Bits and pieces lol ... *sighs* ...
ham	Hahaha..use your brain dear
ham	Hey. You got any mail?
ham	Sorry light turned green, I meant another friend wanted  &lt;#&gt;  worth but he may not be around
ham	Thanks for yesterday sir. You have been wonderful. Hope you enjoyed the burial. MojiBiola
spam	U have a secret admirer. REVEAL who thinks U R So special. Call 09065174042. To opt out Reply REVEAL STOP. 1.50 per msg recd. Cust care 07821230901
ham	Hi mate its RV did u hav a nice hol just a message 3 say hello coz havent sent u 1 in ages started driving so stay off roads!RVx
spam	Dear Voucher Holder, To claim this weeks offer, at you PC please go to http://www.e-tlp.co.uk/expressoffer Ts&Cs apply. To stop texts, txt STOP to 80062
ham	Thank you so much. When we skyped wit kz and sura, we didnt get the pleasure of your company. Hope you are good. We've given you ultimatum oh! We are countin down to aburo. Enjoy! This is the message i sent days ago
ham	Surely result will offer:)
ham	Good Morning my Dear........... Have a great &amp; successful day.
spam	Do you want 750 anytime any network mins 150 text and a NEW VIDEO phone for only five pounds per week call 08002888812 or reply for delivery tomorrow
ham	Sir, I have been late in paying rent for the past few months and had to pay a $ &lt;#&gt;  charge. I felt it would be inconsiderate of me to nag about something you give at great cost to yourself and that's why i didnt speak up. I however am in a recession and wont be able to pay the charge this month hence my askin well ahead of month's end. Can you please help. Thanks
spam	We tried to contact you re our offer of New Video Phone 750 anytime any network mins HALF PRICE Rental camcorder call 08000930705 or reply for delivery Wed
spam	Last chance 2 claim ur £150 worth of discount vouchers-Text YES to 85023 now!SavaMob-member offers mobile T Cs 08717898035. £3.00 Sub. 16 . Remove txt X or STOP
ham	I luv u soo much u dont understand how special u r 2 me ring u 2morrow luv u xxx
ham	Pls send me a comprehensive mail about who i'm paying, when and how much.
ham	Our Prashanthettan's mother passed away last night. pray for her and family.
spam	Urgent! call 09066350750 from your landline. Your complimentary 4* Ibiza Holiday or 10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs PO BOX 434 SK3 8WP 150 ppm 18+ 
ham	K.k:)when are you going?
ham	Meanwhile in the shit suite: xavier decided to give us  &lt;#&gt;  seconds of warning that samantha was coming over and is playing jay's guitar to impress her or some shit. Also I don't think doug realizes I don't live here anymore
ham	My stomach has been thru so much trauma I swear I just can't eat. I better lose weight.
ham	I am in office:)whats the matter..msg me now.i will call you at break:).
ham	Yeah there's barely enough room for the two of us, x has too many fucking shoes. Sorry man, see you later
spam	Today's Offer! Claim ur £150 worth of discount vouchers! Text YES to 85023 now! SavaMob, member offers mobile! T Cs 08717898035. £3.00 Sub. 16 . Unsub reply X
ham	U reach orchard already? U wan 2 go buy tickets first?
ham	I am real, baby! I want to bring out your inner tigress...
ham	No da if you run that it activate the full version da.
ham	"AH POOR BABY!HOPE URFEELING BETTERSN LUV! PROBTHAT OVERDOSE OF WORK HEY GO CAREFUL SPK 2 U SN LOTS OF LOVEJEN XXX."
ham	Stop the story. I've told him i've returned it and he's saying i should not re order it.
spam	Talk sexy!! Make new friends or fall in love in the worlds most discreet text dating service. Just text VIP to 83110 and see who you could meet.
ham	Going to take your babe out ?
ham	Hai ana tomarrow am coming on morning.  &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  ill be there in sathy then we ll go to RTO office. Reply me after came to home.
ham	Spoons it is then okay?
ham	Did he just say somebody is named tampa
ham	In work now. Going have in few min.
ham	Your brother is a genius
ham	Sorry, I guess whenever I can get a hold of my connections, maybe an hour or two? I'll text you
ham	Did u find out what time the bus is at coz i need to sort some stuff out.
ham	Dude ive been seeing a lotta corvettes lately
spam	Congratulations ur awarded either a yrs supply of CDs from Virgin Records or a Mystery Gift GUARANTEED Call 09061104283 Ts&Cs www.smsco.net £1.50pm approx 3mins
ham	Same here, but I consider walls and bunkers and shit important just because I never play on peaceful but I guess your place is high enough that it don't matter
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for 07808 XXXXXX shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08719899217 Identifier Code: 41685 Expires 07/11/04
spam	Hello. We need some posh birds and chaps to user trial prods for champneys. Can i put you down? I need your address and dob asap. Ta r
spam	What do U want for Xmas? How about 100 free text messages & a new video phone with half price line rental? Call free now on 0800 0721072 to find out more!
ham	Well am officially in a philosophical hole, so if u wanna call am at home ready to be saved!
ham	Its going good...no problem..but still need little experience to understand american customer voice...
ham	I'll text you when I drop x off
ham	Ugh its been a long day. I'm exhausted. Just want to cuddle up and take a nap
ham	Talk With Yourself Atleast Once In A Day...!!! Otherwise You Will Miss Your Best FRIEND In This WORLD...!!! -Shakespeare- SHESIL  &lt;#&gt;
spam	Shop till u Drop, IS IT YOU, either 10K, 5K, £500 Cash or £100 Travel voucher, Call now, 09064011000. NTT PO Box CR01327BT fixedline Cost 150ppm mobile vary
ham	Are you in castor? You need to see something
spam	Sunshine Quiz Wkly Q! Win a top Sony DVD player if u know which country Liverpool played in mid week? Txt ansr to 82277. £1.50 SP:Tyrone
spam	U have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09058094565
spam	U have a Secret Admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09065171142-stopsms-08
spam	Reminder: You have not downloaded the content you have already paid for. Goto http://doit. mymoby. tv/ to collect your content.
ham	see, i knew giving you a break a few times woul lead to you always wanting to miss curfew. I was gonna gibe you 'til one, but a MIDNIGHT movie is not gonna get out til after 2. You need to come home. You need to getsleep and, if anything, you need to b studdying ear training.
ham	I love to give massages. I use lots of baby oil... What is your fave position?
ham	Dude we should go sup again
ham	Yoyyooo u know how to change permissions for a drive in mac. My usb flash drive
ham	Gibbs unsold.mike hussey
ham	I like to talk pa but am not able to. I dont know y.
ham	Y dun cut too short leh. U dun like ah? She failed. She's quite sad.
ham	You unbelievable faglord
ham	Wife.how she knew the time of murder exactly
ham	Why do you ask princess?
ham	I am great princess! What are you thinking about me? :)
ham	Nutter. Cutter. Ctter. Cttergg. Cttargg. Ctargg. Ctagg. ie you
ham	It's ok i noe u're busy but i'm really too bored so i msg u. I oso dunno wat colour she choose 4 me one.
ham	Doesn't g have class early tomorrow and thus shouldn't be trying to smoke at  &lt;#&gt;
ham	Superb Thought- "Be grateful that u dont have everything u want. That means u still have an opportunity to be happier tomorrow than u are today.":-)
ham	Hope you are having a good week. Just checking in
ham	I'm used to it. I just hope my agents don't drop me since i've only booked a few things this year. This whole me in boston, them in nyc was an experiment.
ham	Thursday night? Yeah, sure thing, we'll work it out then
spam	Your free ringtone is waiting to be collected. Simply text the password "MIX" to 85069 to verify. Get Usher and Britney. FML, PO Box 5249, MK17 92H. 450Ppw 16
ham	Probably money worries. Things are coming due and i have several outstanding invoices for work i did two and three months ago.
ham	How is it possible to teach you. And where.
ham	I wonder if your phone battery went dead ? I had to tell you, I love you babe
ham	Lovely smell on this bus and it ain't tobacco... 
ham	We're all getting worried over here, derek and taylor have already assumed the worst
ham	Hey what's up charles sorry about the late reply.
spam	all the lastest from Stereophonics, Marley, Dizzee Racal, Libertines and The Strokes! Win Nookii games with Flirt!! Click TheMob WAP Bookmark or text WAP to 82468
ham	I.ll give her once i have it. Plus she said grinule greet you whenever we speak
ham	WHITE FUDGE OREOS ARE IN STORES
spam	January Male Sale! Hot Gay chat now cheaper, call 08709222922. National rate from 1.5p/min cheap to 7.8p/min peak! To stop texts call 08712460324 (10p/min)
ham	My love ! How come it took you so long to leave for Zaher's? I got your words on ym and was happy to see them but was sad you had left. I miss you
ham	I am sorry it hurt you.
ham	Can't. I feel nauseous. I'm so pissed. I didn't eat any sweets all week cause today I was planning to pig out. I was dieting all week. And now I'm not hungry :/
ham	Ok lor but not too early. Me still having project meeting now.
ham	Call me da, i am waiting for your call.
ham	I could ask carlos if we could get more if anybody else can chip in
ham	Was actually about to send you a reminder today. Have a wonderful weekend
ham	When people see my msgs, They think Iam addicted to msging... They are wrong, Bcoz They don\'t know that Iam addicted to my sweet Friends..!! BSLVYL
ham	Hey you gave them your photo when you registered for driving ah? Tmr wanna meet at yck? 
ham	Dont talk to him ever ok its my word.
ham	When u wana see it then
ham	On ma way to school. Can you pls send me ashley's number
ham	It shall be fine. I have avalarr now. Will hollalater
ham	She went to attend another two rounds today..but still did't reach home..
ham	Actually i deleted my old website..now i m blogging at magicalsongs.blogspot.com
ham	K, wait chikku..il send aftr  &lt;#&gt; mins
ham	But I'm on a diet. And I ate 1 too many slices of pizza yesterday. Ugh I'm ALWAYS on a diet.
ham	K:)i will give my kvb acc details:)
ham	Oh all have to come ah?
spam	money!!! you r a lucky winner ! 2 claim your prize text money 2 88600 over £1million to give away ! ppt150x3+normal text rate box403 w1t1jy
ham	I'm really sorry i won't b able 2 do this friday.hope u can find an alternative.hope yr term's going ok:-)
ham	Congratulations ore mo owo re wa. Enjoy it and i wish you many happy moments to and fro wherever you go
ham	So do you have samus shoulders yet
ham	What time you think you'll have it? Need to know when I should be near campus
spam	Dear Matthew please call 09063440451 from a landline, your complimentary 4*Lux Tenerife holiday or £1000 CASH await collection. ppm150 SAE T&Cs Box334 SK38XH.
ham	Then dun wear jeans lor...
ham	Since when, which side, any fever, any vomitin.
ham	K:)k.are you in college?
spam	Urgent! call 09061749602 from Landline. Your complimentary 4* Tenerife Holiday or £10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs BOX 528 HP20 1YF 150ppm 18+
ham	Better. Made up for Friday and stuffed myself like a pig yesterday. Now I feel bleh. But at least its not writhing pain kind of bleh.
ham	No we sell it all so we'll have tons if coins. Then sell our coins to someone thru paypal. Voila! Money back in life pockets:)
ham	Theyre doing it to lots of places. Only hospitals and medical places are safe.
spam	How about getting in touch with folks waiting for company? Just txt back your NAME and AGE to opt in! Enjoy the community (150p/SMS)
ham	And also I've sorta blown him off a couple times recently so id rather not text him out of the blue looking for weed
ham	I sent my scores to sophas and i had to do secondary application for a few schools. I think if you are thinking of applying, do a research on cost also. Contact joke ogunrinde, her school is one me the less expensive ones
ham	I cant wait to see you! How were the photos were useful? :)
spam	Ur cash-balance is currently 500 pounds - to maximize ur cash-in now send GO to 86688 only 150p/msg. CC: 08718720201 PO BOX 114/14 TCR/W1
ham	Hey i booked the kb on sat already... what other lessons are we going for ah? Keep your sat night free we need to meet and confirm our lodging 
ham	Chk in ur belovd ms dict
ham	Is that what time you want me to come?
ham	Awesome, lemme know whenever you're around
ham	Shb b ok lor... Thanx...
ham	Beautiful Truth against Gravity.. Read carefully: "Our heart feels light when someone is in it.. But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it.." GOOD NIGHT
ham	Also remember to get dobby's bowl from your car
spam	Filthy stories and GIRLS waiting for your
ham	Sorry i now then c ur msg... Yar lor so poor thing... But only 4 one night... Tmr u'll have a brand new room 2 sleep in...
ham	Love isn't a decision, it's a feeling. If we could decide who to love, then, life would be much simpler, but then less magical
ham	Welp apparently he retired
ham	My sort code is  and acc no is . The bank is natwest. Can you reply to confirm i've sent this to the right person!
ham	Where @
ham	U sure u can't take any sick time?
spam	URGENT! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a £800 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09050001808 from land line. Claim M95. Valid12hrs only
ham	Watching cartoon, listening music &amp; at eve had to go temple &amp; church.. What about u?
ham	Yo chad which gymnastics class do you wanna take? The site says Christians class is full..
ham	Are you this much buzy
ham	Or better still can you catch her and let ask her if she can sell  &lt;#&gt;  for me.
ham	I am not sure about night menu. . . I know only about noon menu
ham	What do u want when i come back?.a beautiful necklace as a token of my heart for you.thats what i will give but ONLY to MY WIFE OF MY LIKING.BE THAT AND SEE..NO ONE can give you that.dont call me.i will wait till i come.
ham	Are you willing to go for aptitude class.
ham	It wont b until 2.15 as trying 2 sort house out, is that ok?
ham	Yar lor he wan 2 go c horse racing today mah, so eat earlier lor. I ate chicken rice. U?
ham	Haha awesome, omw back now then
ham	Yup i thk so until e shop closes lor.
ham	what is your account number?
ham	Eh u send wrongly lar...
ham	Hey no I ad a crap nite was borin without ya 2 boggy with me u boring biatch! Thanx but u wait til nxt time il ave ya 
ham	Ok i shall talk to him
ham	Dont hesitate. You know this is the second time she has had weakness like that. So keep i notebook of what she eat and did the day before or if anything changed the day before so that we can be sure its nothing
ham	Hey you can pay. With salary de. Only  &lt;#&gt; .
ham	Another month. I need chocolate weed and alcohol.
ham	If he started searching he will get job in few days.he have great potential and talent.
ham	Reckon need to be in town by eightish to walk from * carpark.
spam	Congrats! 2 mobile 3G Videophones R yours. call 09063458130 now! videochat wid your mates, play java games, Dload polyPH music, noline rentl.
ham	LOOK AT THE FUCKIN TIME. WHAT THE FUCK YOU THINK IS UP
ham	Yo guess what I just dropped
ham	Carlos says he'll be at mu in  &lt;#&gt;  minutes
ham	I'm in office now . I will call you  &lt;#&gt;  min:)
ham	Geeee ... I miss you already, you know ? Your all I can think about. Fuck, I can't wait till next year when we will be together ... *loving kiss*
ham	Yun ah.the ubi one say if ü wan call by tomorrow.call 67441233 look for irene.ere only got bus8,22,65,61,66,382. Ubi cres,ubi tech park.6ph for 1st 5wkg days.èn
ham	Ugh. Gotta drive back to sd from la. My butt is sore.
ham	26th OF JULY
ham	Hi im having the most relaxing time ever! we have to get up at 7am every day! was the party good the other night? I get home tomorrow at 5ish.
ham	Up to ü... Ü wan come then come lor... But i din c any stripes skirt...
ham	The Xmas story is peace.. The Xmas msg is love.. The Xmas miracle is jesus.. Hav a blessed month ahead &amp; wish U Merry Xmas...
ham	I can't, I don't have her number!
ham	Change again... It's e one next to escalator...
ham	Yetunde i'm in class can you not run water on it to make it ok. Pls now.
ham	Not a lot has happened here. Feels very quiet. Beth is at her aunts and charlie is working lots. Just me and helen in at the mo. How have you been? 
ham	Then ü wait 4 me at bus stop aft ur lect lar. If i dun c ü then i go get my car then come back n pick ü.
ham	Aight will do, thanks again for comin out
ham	No..but heard abt tat..
spam	Please call our customer service representative on FREEPHONE 0808 145 4742 between 9am-11pm as you have WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or £5000 prize!
ham	Yes..he is really great..bhaji told kallis best cricketer after sachin in world:).very tough to get out.
ham	&lt;#&gt;  am I think? Should say on syllabus
ham	Umma. Did she say anything
ham	Give me a sec to think think about it
spam	Panasonic & BluetoothHdset FREE. Nokia FREE. Motorola FREE & DoubleMins & DoubleTxt on Orange contract. Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call 2optout
ham	I don't quite know what to do. I still can't get hold of anyone. I cud pick you up bout 7.30pm and we can see if they're in the pub?
ham	Poyyarikatur,kolathupalayam,unjalur post,erode dis, &lt;#&gt; .
ham	Dear Hero,i am leaving to qatar tonite for an apt opportunity.pls do keep in touch at  &lt;EMAIL&gt; ,kerala
ham	Lol I would but my mom would have a fit and tell the whole family how crazy and terrible I am
ham	I just got home babe, are you still awake ?
ham	I dunno they close oredi not... Ü v ma fan...
ham	Just buy a pizza. Meat lovers or supreme. U get to pick.
ham	Ya, told..she was asking wats matter?
ham	Dear,regret i cudnt pick call.drove down frm ctla now at cochin home.left mobile in car..ente style ishtamayoo?happy bakrid!
spam	FREE for 1st week! No1 Nokia tone 4 ur mob every week just txt NOKIA to 8007 Get txting and tell ur mates www.getzed.co.uk POBox 36504 W45WQ norm150p/tone 16+
ham	Shall i send that exe to your mail id.
ham	Nope watching tv at home... Not going out. V bored...
ham	Don know..wait i will check it.
ham	Good afternoon on this glorious anniversary day, my sweet J !! I hope this finds you happy and content, my Prey. I think of you and send a teasing kiss from across the sea coaxing images of fond souveniers ... You Cougar-Pen
spam	Guess what! Somebody you know secretly fancies you! Wanna find out who it is? Give us a call on 09065394514 From Landline DATEBox1282EssexCM61XN 150p/min 18
ham	We still on for tonight?
ham	May i call You later Pls
ham	Hasn't that been the pattern recently crap weekends?
ham	I have a sore throat. It's scratches when I talk
ham	Yes da. Any plm at ur office
ham	Are you not around or just still asleep? :V
ham	Lol you forgot it eh ? Yes, I'll bring it in babe
ham	Its good, we'll find a way
ham	Can not use foreign stamps in this country. Good lecture .
ham	Yup bathe liao...
ham	HAPPY NEW YEAR MY NO.1 MAN
ham	OH MR SHEFFIELD! You wanna play THAT game, okay. You're the boss and I'm the nanny. You give me a raise and I'll give YOU one!!
ham	ZOE IT JUST HIT ME 2 IM FUCKING SHITIN MYSELF IL DEFO TRY MY HARDEST 2 CUM 2MOROW LUV U MILLIONS LEKDOG
ham	Hello baby, did you get back to your mom's ? Are you setting up the computer now ? Filling your belly ? How goes it loverboy ? I miss you already ... *sighs*
ham	No my blankets are sufficient, thx
ham	naughty little thought: 'its better to flirt, flirt n flirt, rather than loving someone n gettin hurt, hurt n hurt...:-) Gud nyt
ham	Edison has rightly said, "A fool can ask more questions than a wise man can answer" Now you know why all of us are speechless during ViVa.. GM,GN,GE,GNT:-)
ham	They just talking thats it de. They wont any other.
ham	Today am going to college so am not able to atten the class.
ham	I'm in class. Will holla later
ham	Easy ah?sen got selected means its good..
ham	Mmm thats better now i got a roast down me! id b better if i had a few drinks down me 2! Good indian?
spam	We know someone who you know that fancies you. Call 09058097218 to find out who. POBox 6, LS15HB 150p
ham	Come round, it's . 
ham	Do 1 thing! Change that sentence into: "Because i want 2 concentrate in my educational career im leaving here.."
spam	1000's flirting NOW! Txt GIRL or BLOKE & ur NAME & AGE, eg GIRL ZOE 18 to 8007 to join and get chatting!
ham	I walked an hour 2 c u! doesnt that show I care y wont u believe im serious?
spam	18 days to Euro2004 kickoff! U will be kept informed of all the latest news and results daily. Unsubscribe send GET EURO STOP to 83222.
ham	Are you available for soiree on June 3rd?
ham	Do u noe wat time e place dat sells 4d closes?
ham	I got another job! The one at the hospital doing data analysis or something, starts on monday! Not sure when my thesis will got finished
ham	Jay's getting really impatient and belligerent
ham	HIYA COMIN 2 BRISTOL 1 ST WEEK IN APRIL. LES GOT OFF + RUDI ON NEW YRS EVE BUT I WAS SNORING.THEY WERE DRUNK! U BAK AT COLLEGE YET? MY WORK SENDS INK 2 BATH.
ham	I'm at work. Please call
ham	Then u drive lor.
ham	Ard 515 like dat. Y?
ham	Tell me they're female :V how're you throwing in? We're deciding what all to get now
spam	EASTENDERS TV Quiz. What FLOWER does DOT compare herself to? D= VIOLET E= TULIP F= LILY txt D E or F to 84025 NOW 4 chance 2 WIN £100 Cash WKENT/150P16+
ham	I'm working technical support :)voice process.networking field.
ham	I might come to kerala for 2 days.so you can be prepared to take a leave once i finalise .dont plan any travel during my visit.need to finish urgent works.
ham	Ok. Not sure what time tho as not sure if can get to library before class. Will try. See you at some point! Have good eve.
spam	We have new local dates in your area - Lots of new people registered in YOUR AREA. Reply DATE to start now! 18 only www.flirtparty.us REPLYS150
ham	That's fine, I'll bitch at you about it later then
ham	No my mum went 2 dentist.
ham	Once free call me sir. I am waiting for you.
ham	Meeting u is my work. . . Tel me when shall i do my work tomorrow
spam	Someone U know has asked our dating service 2 contact you! Cant Guess who? CALL 09058091854 NOW all will be revealed. PO BOX385 M6 6WU
ham	Jus finish bathing...
ham	alright, I'll make sure the car is back tonight
spam	URGENT! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a £800 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09050003091 from land line. Claim C52. Valid12hrs only
spam	Dear U've been invited to XCHAT. This is our final attempt to contact u! Txt CHAT to 86688
ham	Lul im gettin some juicy gossip at the hospital. Two nurses are talking about how fat they are gettin. And one thinks shes obese. Oyea.
ham	Aight ill get on fb in a couple minutes
ham	Oi. Ami parchi na re. Kicchu kaaj korte iccha korche na. Phone ta tul na. Plz. Plz.
ham	Where can download clear movies. Dvd copies.
ham	Yep, by the pretty sculpture
ham	Convey my regards to him
ham	Me too watching surya movie only. . .after 6 pm vijay movie POKKIRI
ham	You tell what happen dont behave like this to me. Ok no need to say
ham	Can u get pic msgs to your phone?
ham	Send to someone else :-)
ham	Wat makes some people dearer is not just de happiness dat u feel when u meet them but de pain u feel when u miss dem!!!
ham	For me the love should start with attraction.i should feel that I need her every time around me.she should be the first thing which comes in my thoughts.I would start the day and end it with her.she should be there every time I dream.love will be then when my every breath has her name.my life should happen around her.my life will be named to her.I would cry for her.will give all my happiness and take all her sorrows.I will be ready to fight with anyone for her.I will be in love when I will be doing the craziest things for her.love will be when I don't have to proove anyone that my girl is the most beautiful lady on the whole planet.I will always be singing praises for her.love will be when I start up making chicken curry and end up makiing sambar.life will be the most beautiful then.will get every morning and thank god for the day because she is with me.I would like to say a lot..will tell later..
ham	FR'NDSHIP is like a needle of a clock. Though V r in d same clock, V r nt able 2 met. Evn if V meet,itz only 4few seconds. Bt V alwys stay conected. Gud 9t;-)
ham	I don't think he has spatula hands!
ham	You can never do NOTHING
spam	You are awarded a SiPix Digital Camera! call 09061221061 from landline. Delivery within 28days. T Cs Box177. M221BP. 2yr warranty. 150ppm. 16 . p p£3.99
ham	Goodmorning today i am late for  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; min.
spam	WIN URGENT! Your mobile number has been awarded with a £2000 prize GUARANTEED call 09061790121 from land line. claim 3030 valid 12hrs only 150ppm 
ham	Please da call me any mistake from my side sorry da. Pls da goto doctor.
ham	Where r we meeting?
ham	Well the weather in cali's great. But its complexities are great. You need a car to move freely, its taxes are outrageous. But all in all its a great place. The sad part is i missing home.
ham	Now only i reached home. . . I am very tired now. . I will come tomorro
ham	Ryder unsold.now gibbs.
spam	Dear Subscriber ur draw 4 £100 gift voucher will b entered on receipt of a correct ans. When was Elvis Presleys Birthday? TXT answer to 80062
ham	Don't fret. I'll buy the ovulation test strips and send them to you. You wont get them til like march. Can you send me your postal address.u'll be alright.Okay.
ham	NO GIFTS!! You trying to get me to throw myself off a cliff or something?
ham	Been up to ne thing interesting. Did you have a good birthday? When are u wrking nxt? I started uni today.
ham	You busy or can I come by at some point and figure out what we're doing tomorrow
ham	Yeah go on then, bored and depressed sittin waitin for phone to ring... Hope the wind drops though, scary
ham	Black shirt n blue jeans... I thk i c ü...
ham	Aiyah sorry lor... I watch tv watch until i forgot 2 check my phone.
spam	Message Important information for O2 user. Today is your lucky day! 2 find out why log onto http://www.urawinner.com there is a fantastic surprise awaiting you
ham	on hen night. Going with a swing
ham	Good afternoon, my love. How goes your day ? What are you up to ? I woke early and am online waiting for you ... Hmmm ... Italian boy is online I see . *grins*
ham	From someone not to smoke when every time I've smoked in the last two weeks is because of you calling or texting me that you wanted to smoke
ham	No you'll just get a headache trying to figure it out. U can trust me to do the math. I promise. O:-)
ham	S s..first time..dhoni rocks...
ham	Ok ill tell the company
ham	Awesome, think we can get an 8th at usf some time tonight?
ham	So that means you still think of teju
ham	No I'm good for the movie, is it ok if I leave in an hourish?
ham	No no:)this is kallis home ground.amla home town is durban:)
ham	So lets make it saturday or monday as per convenience.
ham	Hey... What time is your driving on fri? We go for evaluation on fri?
spam	449050000301 You have won a £2,000 price! To claim, call 09050000301.
ham	I'm going 4 lunch now wif my family then aft dat i go str 2 orchard lor.
spam	Bored of speed dating? Try SPEEDCHAT, txt SPEEDCHAT to 80155, if you don't like em txt SWAP and get a new chatter! Chat80155 POBox36504W45WQ 150p/msg rcd 16
ham	Cancel cheyyamo?and get some money back?
spam	Do you want 750 anytime any network mins 150 text and a NEW video phone for only five pounds per week call 08000776320 now or reply for delivery Tomorrow
ham	Ok.ok ok..then..whats ur todays plan
ham	Good morning princess! How are you?
ham	Aiyar sorry lor forgot 2 tell u...
spam	For taking part in our mobile survey yesterday! You can now have 500 texts 2 use however you wish. 2 get txts just send TXT to 80160 T&C www.txt43.com 1.50p
ham	Not tonight mate. Catching up on some sleep. This is my new number by the way. 
ham	Height of "Oh shit....!!" situation: A guy throws a luv letter on a gal but falls on her brothers head whos a gay,.;-):-D
spam	Ur HMV Quiz cash-balance is currently £500 - to maximize ur cash-in now send HMV1 to 86688 only 150p/msg
ham	So check your errors and if you had difficulties, do correction.
ham	Howz pain?hope u r fine..
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	Good morning princess! How are you?
ham	As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
ham	U wake up already? Thanx 4 e tau sar piah it's quite nice.
ham	K do I need a login or anything
spam	Dont forget you can place as many FREE Requests with 1stchoice.co.uk as you wish. For more Information call 08707808226.
ham	LOL ... No just was busy
ham	What * u wearing?
ham	Message:some text missing* Sender:Name Missing* *Number Missing *Sent:Date missing *Missing U a lot thats y everything is missing sent via fullonsms.com
ham	Oh:)as usual vijay film or its different?
spam	I don't know u and u don't know me. Send CHAT to 86688 now and let's find each other! Only 150p/Msg rcvd. HG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL LDN. 18 years or over.
ham	Have you had a good day? Mine was really busy are you up to much tomorrow night?
ham	And is there a way you can send shade's stuff to her. And she has been wonderful too.
ham	Really... I tot ur paper ended long ago... But wat u copied jus now got use? U happy lar... I still haf 2 study :-(
spam	Thank you, winner notified by sms. Good Luck! No future marketing reply STOP to 84122 customer services 08450542832
ham	Babe ? I lost you ... :-(
ham	Ok... Help me ask if she's working tmr a not?
ham	I'm not driving... Raining! Then i'll get caught at e mrt station lor.
ham	Not a drop in the tank
ham	(That said can you text him one more time?)
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	Ok i go change also...
spam	1000's of girls many local 2 u who r virgins 2 this & r ready 2 4fil ur every sexual need. Can u 4fil theirs? text CUTE to 69911(£1.50p. m)
ham	Did u find a sitter for kaitlyn? I was sick and slept all day yesterday.
ham	Sorry man, accidentally left my phone on silent last night and didn't check it til I got up
ham	Hey.. Something came up last min.. Think i wun be signing up tmr.. Hee
ham	He's an adult and would learn from the experience. There's no real danger. I just dont like peeps using drugs they dont need. But no comment
ham	Hey! There's veggie pizza... :/
ham	Yun buying... But school got offer 2000 plus only...
ham	You sure your neighbors didnt pick it up
ham	K. I will sent it again
spam	Free entry in 2 a wkly comp to win FA Cup final tkts 21st May 2005. Text FA to 87121 to receive entry question(std txt rate)T&C's apply 08452810075over18's
ham	New Theory: Argument wins d SITUATION, but loses the PERSON. So dont argue with ur friends just.. . . . kick them &amp; say, I'm always correct.!
ham	Well. Im computerless. Time to make some oreo truffles
ham	Haha yeah I see that now, be there in a sec
ham	I am not having her number sir
ham	Lol now I'm after that hot air balloon!
ham	Ok . . now i am in bus. . If i come soon i will come otherwise tomorrow
ham	Msgs r not time pass.They silently say that I am thinking of U right now and also making U think of me at least 4 a moment. Gd nt.swt drms @Shesil
ham	Yeah, we can probably swing by once my roommate finishes up with his girl
spam	Got what it takes 2 take part in the WRC Rally in Oz? U can with Lucozade Energy! Text RALLY LE to 61200 (25p), see packs or lucozade.co.uk/wrc & itcould be u!
ham	Happy new years melody!
ham	Ü dun need to pick ur gf?
ham	Yay! You better not have told that to 5 other girls either.
ham	Horrible u eat macs eat until u forgot abt me already rite... U take so long 2 reply. I thk it's more toot than b4 so b prepared. Now wat shall i eat?
ham	Did he say how fantastic I am by any chance, or anything need a bigger life lift as losing the will 2 live, do you think I would be the first person 2 die from N V Q? 
ham	Just nw i came to hme da..
ham	I'm outside islands, head towards hard rock and you'll run into me
ham	To day class is there are no class.
ham	I'm in chennai velachery:)
ham	You flippin your shit yet?
ham	K give me a sec, breaking a  &lt;#&gt;  at cstore
ham	Am i that much bad to avoid like this?
ham	Yo, you around? Just got my car back
ham	Annoying isn't it.
ham	Goodmorning, Today i am late for  &lt;#&gt; min.
ham	There's no point hangin on to mr not right if he's not makin u happy
ham	All will come alive.better correct any good looking figure there itself..
ham	In that case I guess I'll see you at campus lodge
ham	We're done...
ham	Come to my home for one last time i wont do anything. Trust me.
ham	I was up all night too worrying about this appt. It's a shame we missed a girls night out with quizzes popcorn and you doing my hair.
spam	Sex up ur mobile with a FREE sexy pic of Jordan! Just text BABE to 88600. Then every wk get a sexy celeb! PocketBabe.co.uk 4 more pics. 16 £3/wk 087016248
ham	Ok... C ya...
spam	You have 1 new voicemail. Please call 08719181503
ham	What he said is not the matter. My mind saying some other matter is there.
ham	He also knows about lunch menu only da. . I know
ham	Al he does is moan at me if n e thin goes wrong its my fault&al de arguments r my fault&fed up of him of himso y bother? Hav 2go, thanx.xx
ham	NEFT Transaction with reference number  &lt;#&gt;  for Rs. &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  has been credited to the beneficiary account on  &lt;#&gt;  at  &lt;TIME&gt; : &lt;#&gt;
ham	Otherwise had part time job na-tuition..
ham	I know she called me
ham	Me also da, i feel yesterday night  wait til 2day night dear.
ham	Thanks for understanding. I've been trying to tell sura that.
spam	WIN a year supply of CDs 4 a store of ur choice worth £500 & enter our £100 Weekly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 Ts&Cs www.Ldew.com.subs16+1win150ppmx3
ham	The whole car appreciated the last two! Dad and are having a map reading semi argument but apart from that things are going ok. P.
spam	As a SIM subscriber, you are selected to receive a Bonus! Get it delivered to your door, Txt the word OK to No: 88600 to claim. 150p/msg, EXP. 30Apr
ham	I need you to be in my strong arms...
ham	Also maaaan are you missing out
ham	His bday real is in april .
ham	Guessin you ain't gonna be here before 9?
ham	Ok then i will come to ur home after half an hour
ham	Yo, the game almost over? Want to go to walmart soon
ham	Yeah, probably but not sure. Ilol let u know, but personally I wuldnt bother, then again if ur goin to then I mite as well!!
ham	I'll text now! All creepy like so he won't think that we forgot
ham	that would be good … I'll phone you tomo lunchtime, shall I, to organise something?
spam	You have 1 new voicemail. Please call 08719181513.
ham	Damn, can you make it tonight or do you want to just wait til tomorrow
ham	K..k..i'm also fine:)when will you complete the course?
ham	True. It is passable. And if you get a high score and apply for phd, you get 5years of salary. So it makes life easier.
spam	No. 1 Nokia Tone 4 ur mob every week! Just txt NOK to 87021. 1st Tone FREE ! so get txtin now and tell ur friends. 150p/tone. 16 reply HL 4info
ham	Prakesh is there know.
ham	Teach me apps da. When you come to college.
ham	Rofl betta invest in some  anti aging products
spam	You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive £1000 cash or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810810
ham	sir, you will receive the account no another 1hr time. Sorry for the delay.
spam	Reply with your name and address and YOU WILL RECEIVE BY POST a weeks completely free accommodation at various global locations www.phb1.com ph:08700435505150p
ham	So ü'll be submitting da project tmr rite?
spam	FREE entry into our £250 weekly comp just send the word ENTER to 84128 NOW. 18 T&C www.textcomp.com cust care 08712405020.
ham	Jus ans me lar. U'll noe later.
ham	I want to send something that can sell fast.  &lt;#&gt; k is not easy money.
ham	have got * few things to do. may be in * pub later.
ham	1's finish meeting call me.
ham	Lol ok. I'll snatch her purse too.
ham	"Hello-/@drivby-:0quit edrunk sorry iff pthis makes no senrd-dnot no how ^ dancce 2 drum n basq!ihave fun 2nhite x ros xxxxxxx"
ham	Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
ham	How much are we getting?
ham	Is ur paper in e morn or aft tmr?
ham	Dear relieved of westonzoyland, all going to plan this end too!
ham	Hope you are having a great new semester. Do wish you the very best. You are made for greatness.
ham	Oh yes I can speak txt 2 u no! Hmm. Did u get  email?
ham	I want to show you the world, princess :) how about europe?
ham	Nobody can decide where to eat and dad wants Chinese
ham	No shoot me. I'm in the docs waiting room. :/
ham	Now? I'm going out 4 dinner soon..
ham	Hello which the site to download songs its urgent pls
ham	I do know what u mean,  is the king of not havin credit! I'm goin2bed now. Night night sweet! Only1more sleep! 
ham	Horrible gal. Me in sch doing some stuff. How come u got mc?
ham	HI HUN! IM NOT COMIN 2NITE-TELL EVERY1 IM SORRY 4 ME, HOPE U AVA GOODTIME!OLI RANG MELNITE IFINK IT MITE B SORTED,BUT IL EXPLAIN EVERYTHIN ON MON.L8RS.x
ham	I call you later, don't have network. If urgnt, sms me.
ham	Ummmmmaah Many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY dear
spam	Please CALL 08712402779 immediately as there is an urgent message waiting for you
ham	Yeah like if it goes like it did with my friends imma flip my shit in like half an hour
ham	Mum say we wan to go then go... Then she can shun bian watch da glass exhibition... 
ham	What your plan for pongal?
ham	Just wait till end of march when el nino gets himself. Oh.
ham	Not yet chikku..going to room nw, i'm in bus..
ham	Am also doing in cbe only. But have to pay.
ham	Honey boo I'm missing u.
ham	We have sent JD for Customer Service cum Accounts Executive to ur mail id, For details contact us
ham	Yo, I'm at my parents' gettin cash. Good news: we picked up a downstem
ham	Thank you so much. When we skyped wit kz and sura, we didnt get the pleasure of your company. Hope you are good. We've given you ultimatum oh! We are countin down to aburo. Enjoy!
spam	Hungry gay guys feeling hungry and up 4 it, now. Call 08718730555 just 10p/min. To stop texts call 08712460324 (10p/min)
ham	Ok. No wahala. Just remember that a friend in need ...
ham	I will see in half an hour
ham	Im in inperialmusic listening2the weirdest track ever byleafcutter john-sounds like insects being molested&someone plumbing,remixed by evil men on acid!
ham	"Hey sorry I didntgive ya a a bellearlier hunny,just been in bedbut mite go 2 thepub l8tr if uwana mt up?loads a luv Jenxxx."
ham	SERIOUSLY. TELL HER THOSE EXACT WORDS RIGHT NOW.
spam	Can U get 2 phone NOW? I wanna chat 2 set up meet Call me NOW on 09096102316 U can cum here 2moro Luv JANE xx Calls£1/minmoremobsEMSPOBox45PO139WA
ham	Tee hee. Off to lecture, cheery bye bye.
ham	Sorry chikku, my cell got some problem thts y i was nt able to reply u or msg u..
ham	If you still havent collected the dough pls let me know so i can go to the place i sent it to get the control number
ham	Ok...
spam	network operator. The service is free. For T & C's visit 80488.biz
ham	Let me know how to contact you. I've you settled in a room. Lets know you are ok.
ham	Wot u up 2 u weirdo?
ham	Can do lor...
ham	Dont put your phone on silent mode ok
ham	Can i meet ü at 5.. As 4 where depends on where ü wan 2 in lor..
ham	Waiting 4 my tv show 2 start lor... U leh still busy doing ur report?
ham	Oh ho. Is this the first time u use these type of words
ham	Am I the only one who doesn't stalk profiles?
ham	Ever green quote ever told by Jerry in cartoon "A Person Who Irritates u Always Is the one Who Loves u Vry Much But Fails to Express It...!..!! :-) :-) gud nyt
ham	Yes i thought so. Thanks.
ham	But if she.s drinkin i'm ok.
ham	Just wondering, the others just took off
ham	Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. Gud mrng
ham	What do you do, my dog ? Must I always wait till the end of your day to have word from you ? Did you run out of time on your cell already?
ham	Happy new year to u too!
ham	Hey...Great deal...Farm tour 9am to 5pm $95/pax, $50 deposit by 16 May
ham	Eat jap done oso aft ur lect wat... Ü got lect at 12 rite... 
ham	Hey babe! I saw you came online for a second and then you disappeared, what happened ?
ham	Da my birthdate in certificate is in april but real date is today. But dont publish it. I shall give you a special treat if you keep the secret. Any way thanks for the wishes
ham	Happy birthday... May all ur dreams come true...
ham	Aiyah u did ok already lar. E nydc at wheellock?
ham	TELL HER I SAID EAT SHIT.
ham	Sure! I am driving but will reach my destination soon.
ham	K so am I, how much for an 8th? Fifty?
ham	Your daily text from me – a favour this time
ham	Great to hear you are settling well. So what's happenin wit ola?
ham	Those cocksuckers. If it makes you feel better ipads are worthless garbage novelty items and you should feel bad for even wanting one
ham	I tot u reach liao. He said t-shirt.
ham	FRAN I DECIDED 2 GO N E WAY IM COMPLETELY BROKE AN KNACKERED I GOT UP BOUT 3 C U 2MRW LOVE JANX P.S THIS IS MY DADS FONE, -NO CREDIT
ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham	Your right! I'll make the appointment right now.
ham	Designation is software developer and may be she get chennai:)
spam	Enjoy the jamster videosound gold club with your credits for 2 new videosounds+2 logos+musicnews! get more fun from jamster.co.uk! 16+only Help? call: 09701213186 
spam	Get 3 Lions England tone, reply lionm 4 mono or lionp 4 poly. 4 more go 2 www.ringtones.co.uk, the original n best. Tones 3GBP network operator rates apply
ham	I jokin oni lar.. Ü busy then i wun disturb ü.
ham	Ok, be careful ! Don't text and drive !
ham	I.ll always be there, even if its just in spirit. I.ll get a bb soon. Just trying to be sure i need it.
ham	U r too much close to my heart. If u go away i will be shattered. Plz stay with me.
ham	I love u 2 babe! R u sure everything is alrite. Is he being an idiot? Txt bak girlie
ham	How abt making some of the pics bigger?
ham	Got but got 2 colours lor. One colour is quite light n e other is darker lor. Actually i'm done she's styling my hair now.
ham	Whenevr ur sad, Whenevr ur gray, Remembr im here 2 listn 2 watevr u wanna say, Jus walk wid me a little while,&amp; I promise I'll bring back ur smile.:-)
ham	Why nothing. Ok anyway give me treat
spam	Win the newest “Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (Book 5) reply HARRY, answer 5 questions - chance to be the first among readers!
ham	Ok...
ham	Correct. So how was work today
ham	Just sent again. Do you scream and moan in bed, princess?
ham	I wake up long ago already... Dunno, what other thing?
ham	Oh just getting even with u.... u?
ham	I thk 50 shd be ok he said plus minus 10.. Did ü leave a line in between paragraphs?
ham	Can you call me plz. Your number shows out of coveragd area. I have urgnt call in vasai &amp; have to reach before 4'o clock so call me plz
ham	Yeah jay's sort of a fucking retard
ham	Sorry, was in the bathroom, sup
spam	Ur balance is now £500. Ur next question is: Who sang 'Uptown Girl' in the 80's ? 2 answer txt ur ANSWER to 83600. Good luck!
ham	My exam is for february 4. Wish you a great day.
ham	I dont know what to do to come out of this so only am ask questions like this dont mistake me.
ham	Aight no rush, I'll ask jay
ham	Good Morning plz call me sir
ham	It's ok lar. U sleep early too... Nite...
ham	Oh... Icic... K lor, den meet other day...
ham	Oh ! A half hour is much longer in Syria than Canada, eh ? Wow you must get SO much more work done in a day than us with all that extra time ! *grins*
ham	Sometimes we put walls around our hearts,not just to be safe from getting hurt.. But to find out who cares enough to break the walls &amp; get closer.. GOODNOON:)
ham	Sweet, we may or may not go to 4U to meet carlos so gauge patty's interest in that
ham	Then she buying today? Ü no need to c meh...
ham	Aight sorry I take ten years to shower. What's the plan?
ham	Every monday..nxt week vl be completing..
ham	Might ax well im there.
ham	Just chill for another 6hrs. If you could sleep the pain is not a surgical emergency so see how it unfolds. Okay
ham	Yeah I'll try to scrounge something up
ham	Crazy ar he's married. Ü like gd looking guys not me. My frens like say he's korean leona's fave but i dun thk he is. Aft some thinking mayb most prob i'll go.
ham	Were somewhere on Fredericksburg
ham	Que pases un buen tiempo or something like that
ham	Is it ok if I stay the night here? Xavier has a sleeping bag and I'm getting tired
ham	She doesnt need any test.
ham	Nothing much, chillin at home. Any super bowl plan?
spam	FREE2DAY sexy St George's Day pic of Jordan!Txt PIC to 89080 dont miss out, then every wk a saucy celeb!4 more pics c PocketBabe.co.uk 0870241182716 £3/wk
ham	Bugis oso near wat... 
ham	Yo theres no class tmrw right?
ham	Let Ur Heart Be Ur Compass Ur Mind Ur Map Ur Soul Ur Guide And U Will Never loose in world....gnun - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
ham	Goodnight, sleep well da please take care pa. Please.
ham	Baaaaabe! I misss youuuuu ! Where are you ? I have to go and teach my class at 5 ...
ham	Convey my regards to him
ham	U ned to convince him tht its not possible witot hurting his feeling its the main
ham	Good afternoon loverboy ! How goes you day ? Any luck come your way? I think of you, sweetie and send my love across the sea to make you smile and happy
ham	If i start sending blackberry torch to nigeria will you find buyer for me?like 4a month. And tell dad not to buy bb from anyone oh.
ham	&lt;#&gt; %of pple marry with their lovers... becz they hav gud undrstndng dat avoids problems. i sent dis 2 u, u wil get gud news on friday by d person you like. And tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Dont break this chain. If you break you will suffer. send this to  &lt;#&gt;  frnds in &lt;#&gt;  mins whn u read...
ham	Yo dude guess who just got arrested the other day
ham	Shuhui say change 2 suntec steamboat? U noe where? Where r u now?
ham	What does the dance river do?
ham	Yetunde, i'm sorry but moji and i seem too busy to be able to go shopping. Can you just please find some other way to get what you wanted us to get. Please forgive me. You can reply free via yahoo messenger.
ham	Hey i will be really pretty late... You want to go for the lesson first? I will join you. I'm only reaching tp mrt
spam	HOT LIVE FANTASIES call now 08707509020 Just 20p per min NTT Ltd, PO Box 1327 Croydon CR9 5WB 0870..k
ham	Bbq this sat at mine from 6ish. Ur welcome 2 come
ham	I don't know, same thing that's wrong everyso often, he panicks starts goin on bout not bein good enough …
ham	Alright. I'm out--have a good night!
ham	Did you try making another butt.
ham	Hope you are feeling great. Pls fill me in. Abiola
ham	I though we shd go out n have some fun so bar in town or something – sound ok?
ham	1) Go to write msg 2) Put on Dictionary mode 3)Cover the screen with hand, 4)Press  &lt;#&gt; . 5)Gently remove Ur hand.. Its interesting..:)
spam	Bears Pic Nick, and Tom, Pete and ... Dick. In fact, all types try gay chat with photo upload call 08718730666 (10p/min). 2 stop texts call 08712460324
spam	500 New Mobiles from 2004, MUST GO! Txt: NOKIA to No: 89545 & collect yours today!From ONLY £1 www.4-tc.biz 2optout 087187262701.50gbp/mtmsg18 TXTAUCTION
ham	We're finally ready fyi
ham	Auntie huai juan never pick up her phone
spam	Double Mins & Double Txt & 1/2 price Linerental on Latest Orange Bluetooth mobiles. Call MobileUpd8 for the very latest offers. 08000839402 or call2optout/LF56
ham	Ya tel, wats ur problem..
spam	No. 1 Nokia Tone 4 ur mob every week! Just txt NOK to 87021. 1st Tone FREE ! so get txtin now and tell ur friends. 150p/tone. 16 reply HL 4info
ham	i dnt wnt to tlk wid u
ham	We spend our days waiting for the ideal path to appear in front of us.. But what we forget is.. "paths are made by walking.. not by waiting.." Goodnight!
ham	Its ok my arm is feeling weak cuz i got a shot so we can go another time
ham	Please reserve ticket on saturday eve from chennai to thirunelvali and again from tirunelvali to chennai on sunday eve...i already see in net..no ticket available..i want to book ticket through tackle ..
ham	Storming msg: Wen u lift d phne, u say "HELLO" Do u knw wt is d real meaning of HELLO?? . . . It's d name of a girl..! . . . Yes.. And u knw who is dat girl?? "Margaret Hello" She is d girlfrnd f Grahmbell who invnted telphone... . . . . Moral:One can 4get d name of a person, bt not his girlfrnd... G o o d n i g h t . . .@
ham	That's ok. I popped in to ask bout something and she said you'd been in. Are you around tonght wen this girl comes?
ham	All e best 4 ur exam later.
ham	Hope ur head doesn't hurt 2 much ! Am ploughing my way through a pile of ironing ! Staying in with a chinky tonight come round if you like.
ham	Oh k.i think most of wi and nz players unsold.
ham	Haha... Where got so fast lose weight, thk muz go 4 a month den got effect... Gee,later we go aust put bk e weight.
ham	I wonder how you got online, my love ? Had you gone to the net cafe ? Did you get your phone recharged ? Were you on a friends net ? I think of you, boytoy
ham	Haha just kidding, papa needs drugs
ham	Thk shld b can... Ya, i wana go 4 lessons... Haha, can go for one whole stretch...
ham	Oh ok..
ham	R we still meeting 4 dinner tonight?
ham	Thats cool! I am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
ham	Shall i start from hear.
ham	Then we wait 4 u lor... No need 2 feel bad lar...
ham	No did you check? I got his detailed message now
ham	You have registered Sinco as Payee. Log in at icicibank.com and enter URN  &lt;#&gt;  to confirm. Beware of frauds. Do NOT share or disclose URN to anyone.
ham	No, I decided that only people who care about stuff vote and caring about stuff is for losers
ham	Kaiez... Enjoy ur tuition... Gee... Thk e second option sounds beta... I'll go yan jiu den msg u...
ham	You have registered Sinco as Payee. Log in at icicibank.com and enter URN  &lt;#&gt;  to confirm. Beware of frauds. Do NOT share or disclose URN to anyone.
ham	cool. We will have fun practicing making babies!
ham	Actually getting ready to leave the house.
ham	K..k..any special today?
spam	URGENT, IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR O2 USER. TODAY IS YOUR LUCKY DAY! 2 FIND OUT WHY LOG ONTO HTTP://WWW.URAWINNER.COM THERE IS A FANTASTIC SURPRISE AWAITING FOR YOU
ham	Then we gotta do it after that
ham	I've got ten bucks, jay is being noncomittal
ham	Where at were hungry too
ham	Pls speak to that customer machan.
ham	somewhere out there beneath the pale moon light someone think in of u some where out there where dreams come true... goodnite &amp; sweet dreams
ham	Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da.
spam	Dear U've been invited to XCHAT. This is our final attempt to contact u! Txt CHAT to 86688 150p/MsgrcvdHG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL LDN 18 yrs
ham	So wats ur opinion abt him and how abt is character?
ham	Jay is snickering and tells me that x is totally fucking up the chords as we speak
ham	No..few hours before.went to hair cut .
ham	No wonder... Cos i dun rem seeing a silver car... But i thk i saw a black one...
ham	Lmao. Take a pic and send it to me.
ham	"Speak only when you feel your words are better than the silence..." Gud mrng:-)
ham	No. She's currently in scotland for that.
ham	Do you work all this week ?
spam	Congratulations ur awarded either £500 of CD gift vouchers & Free entry 2 our £100 weekly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnCs www.Ldew.com 1 win150ppmx3age16
ham	Lol great now im getting hungry.
ham	Yes.. now only saw your message..
ham	I'll be at mu in like  &lt;#&gt;  seconds
ham	Ok...
ham	THING R GOOD THANX GOT EXAMS IN MARCH IVE DONE NO REVISION? IS FRAN STILL WITH BOYF? IVE GOTTA INTERVIW 4 EXETER BIT WORRIED!x
ham	Tell you what, if you make a little spreadsheet and track whose idea it was to smoke to determine who "smokes too much" for the entire month of february, I'll come up
spam	For sale - arsenal dartboard. Good condition but no doubles or trebles!
ham	Don't look back at the building because you have no coat and i don't want you to get more sick. Just hurry home and wear a coat to the gym!!!
ham	My painful personal thought- "I always try to keep everybody happy all the time. But nobody recognises me when i am alone"
ham	Thanks for ve lovely wisheds. You rock
ham	You intrepid duo you! Have a great time and see you both soon. 
ham	I asked sen to come chennai and search for job.
ham	Dad went out oredi... 
ham	I jus hope its true that  missin me cos i'm really missin him! You haven't done anything to feel guilty about, yet.
ham	Wat so late still early mah. Or we juz go 4 dinner lor. Aiya i dunno...
ham	Arms fine, how's Cardiff and uni? 
ham	In fact when do you leave? I think addie goes back to school tues or wed
ham	Cool breeze... Bright sun... Fresh flower... Twittering birds... All these waiting to wish u: "GOODMORNING &amp; HAVE A NICE DAY" :)
ham	Ya:)going for restaurant..
ham	Its ok., i just askd did u knw tht no?
spam	Free 1st week entry 2 TEXTPOD 4 a chance 2 win 40GB iPod or £250 cash every wk. Txt POD to 84128 Ts&Cs www.textpod.net custcare 08712405020.
ham	Those ducking chinchillas
ham	I am in a marriage function
ham	Looks like u wil b getting a headstart im leaving here bout 2.30ish but if u r desperate for my company I could head in earlier-we were goin to meet in rummer.
ham	Don‘t give a flying monkeys wot they think and I certainly don‘t mind. Any friend of mine and all that!
spam	As a registered optin subscriber ur draw 4 £100 gift voucher will be entered on receipt of a correct ans to 80062 Whats No1 in the BBC charts
ham	say thanks2. 
ham	Msg me when rajini comes.
ham	Ya! when are ü taking ure practical lessons? I start in june..  
ham	That's good, because I need drugs
ham	Stupid.its not possible
ham	Can ü all decide faster cos my sis going home liao..
spam	Summers finally here! Fancy a chat or flirt with sexy singles in yr area? To get MATCHED up just reply SUMMER now. Free 2 Join. OptOut txt STOP Help08714742804
ham	U sleeping now.. Or you going to take? Haha.. I got spys wat.. Me online checking n replying mails lor..
spam	CLAIRE here am havin borin time & am now alone U wanna cum over 2nite? Chat now 09099725823 hope 2 C U Luv CLAIRE xx Calls£1/minmoremobsEMSPOBox45PO139WA
ham	Fighting with the world is easy, u either win or lose bt fightng with some1 who is close to u is dificult if u lose - u lose if u win - u still lose.
spam	Bought one ringtone and now getting texts costing 3 pound offering more tones etc
ham	Yalru lyfu astne chikku.. Bt innu mundhe lyf ali halla ke bilo (marriage)program edhae, so lyf is nt yet ovr chikku..ali vargu lyfu meow meow:-D
ham	Kinda. First one gets in at twelve! Aah. Speak tomo
spam	09066362231 URGENT! Your mobile No 07xxxxxxxxx won a £2,000 bonus caller prize on 02/06/03! this is the 2nd attempt to reach YOU! call 09066362231 ASAP!
ham	Ok good then i later come find ü... C lucky i told ü to go earlier... Later pple take finish ü no more again...
ham	Wat makes u thk i'll fall down. But actually i thk i'm quite prone 2 falls. Lucky my dad at home i ask him come n fetch me already.
spam	YOU 07801543489 are guaranteed the latests Nokia Phone, a 40GB iPod MP3 player or a £500 prize! Txt word:COLLECT to No:83355! TC-LLC NY-USA 150p/Mt msgrcvd18+
ham	Your account has been refilled successfully by INR  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . Your KeralaCircle prepaid account balance is Rs  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . Your Transaction ID is KR &lt;#&gt; .
ham	I wont touch you with out your permission.
spam	Hi its LUCY Hubby at meetins all day Fri & I will B alone at hotel U fancy cumin over? Pls leave msg 2day 09099726395 Lucy x Calls£1/minMobsmoreLKPOBOX177HP51FL
ham	7 wonders in My WORLD 7th You 6th Ur style 5th Ur smile 4th Ur Personality 3rd Ur Nature 2nd Ur SMS and 1st "Ur Lovely Friendship"... good morning dear
ham	Take some small dose tablet for fever
ham	Oh. U must have taken your REAL Valentine out shopping first.
ham	Just sent you an email – to an address with incomm in it, is that right?
ham	Will do, you gonna be at blake's all night? I might be able to get out of here a little early
ham	Friendship is not a game to play, It is not a word to say, It doesn\'t start on March and ends on May, It is tomorrow, yesterday, today and e
ham	Nice. Wait...should you be texting right now? I'm not gonna pay your ticket, ya know!
ham	I'm watching lotr w my sis dis aft. So u wan 2 meet me 4 dinner at nite a not?
ham	Why you keeping me away like this
ham	I think its far more than that but find out. Check google maps for a place from your dorm.
ham	My trip was ok but quite tiring lor. Uni starts today but it's ok 4 me cos i'm not taking any modules but jus concentrating on my final yr project.
ham	Have you always been saying welp?
ham	I'm a guy, browsin is compulsory
ham	Ok...
ham	Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng musthu
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	(I should add that I don't really care and if you can't I can at least get this dude to fuck off but hey, your money if you want it)
ham	Hello lover! How goes that new job? Are you there now? Are you happy? Do you think of me? I wake, my slave and send you a teasing kiss from across the sea
ham	I told your number to gautham..
ham	Tell them no need to investigate about me anywhere.
ham	Ok i juz receive..
ham	Cant believe i said so many things to you this morning when all i really wanted to say was good morning, i love you! Have a beautiful morning. See you in the library later.
spam	Your account has been credited with 500 FREE Text Messages. To activate, just txt the word: CREDIT to No: 80488 T&Cs www.80488.biz
ham	In the end she might still vomit but its okay. Not everything will come out.
ham	How are you with moneY...as in to you...money aint a thing....how are you sha!
ham	It has everything to do with the weather. Keep extra warm. Its a cold but nothing serious. Pls lots of vitamin c
ham	Hey gals.. Anyone of u going down to e driving centre tmr?
ham	I'm always on yahoo messenger now. Just send the message to me and i.ll get it you may have to send it in the mobile mode sha but i.ll get it. And will reply.
ham	I'm putting it on now. It should be ready for  &lt;TIME&gt; 
ham	Time n Smile r the two crucial things in our life. Sometimes time makes us to forget smile, and sometimes someone's smile makes us to forget time gud noon
spam	SMS. ac JSco: Energy is high, but u may not know where 2channel it. 2day ur leadership skills r strong. Psychic? Reply ANS w/question. End? Reply END JSCO
ham	Host-based IDPS for linux systems.
spam	HOT LIVE FANTASIES call now 08707509020 Just 20p per min NTT Ltd, PO Box 1327 Croydon CR9 5WB 0870 is a national rate call
ham	Don no da:)whats you plan?
ham	Ill be there on  &lt;#&gt;  ok.
ham	Oh my God. I'm almost home
ham	Total video converter free download type this in google search:)
spam	Thanks for the Vote. Now sing along with the stars with Karaoke on your mobile. For a FREE link just reply with SING now.
ham	Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da.
ham	Sounds like something that someone testing me would sayy
ham	When u love someone Dont make them to love u as much as u do. But Love them so much that they dont want to be loved by anyone except you... Gud nit.
ham	Pete,is this your phone still? Its Jenny from college and Leanne.what are you up to now?:)
ham	Oops sorry. Just to check that you don't mind picking me up tomo at half eight from station. Would that be ok?
ham	Hey sweet, I was wondering when you had a moment if you might come to me ? I want to send a file to someone but it won't go over yahoo for them because their connection sucks, remember when you set up that page for me to go to and download the format disc ? Could you tell me how to do that ? Or do you know some other way to download big files ? Because they can download stuff directly from the internet. Any help would be great, my prey ... *teasing kiss*
ham	Hows the champ just leaving glasgow!
ham	K:)all the best:)congrats...
ham	I wonder if you'll get this text?
ham	I need to come home and give you some good lovin...
spam	Our brand new mobile music service is now live. The free music player will arrive shortly. Just install on your phone to browse content from the top artists.
ham	Shall i ask one thing if you dont mistake me.
ham	Check wid corect speling i.e. Sarcasm
spam	URGENT! Your Mobile No was awarded a £2,000 Bonus Caller Prize on 1/08/03! This is our 2nd attempt to contact YOU! Call 0871-4719-523 BOX95QU BT National Rate
ham	Are you angry with me. What happen dear
ham	I thk u dun haf 2 hint in e forum already lor... Cos i told ron n darren is going 2 tell shuhui.
ham	Yup ok thanx...
ham	Hi:)cts employee how are you?
ham	Pls pls find out from aunt nike.
ham	Wow ... I love you sooo much, you know ? I can barely stand it ! I wonder how your day goes and if you are well, my love ... I think of you and miss you
ham	No screaming means shouting..
ham	Hey what happen de. Are you alright.
ham	Should I have picked up a receipt or something earlier
ham	I think chennai well settled?
ham	Oh dang! I didn't mean o send that to you! Lol!
ham	Unfortunately i've just found out that we have to pick my sister up from the airport that evening so don't think i'll be going out at all. We should try to go out one of th
ham	Horrible bf... I now v hungry...
ham	Remember on that day..
spam	You have won a Nokia 7250i. This is what you get when you win our FREE auction. To take part send Nokia to 86021 now. HG/Suite342/2Lands Row/W1JHL 16+
ham	How's it feel? Mr. Your not my real Valentine just my yo Valentine even tho u hardly play!!
ham	All sounds good. Fingers . Makes it difficult to type
ham	Midnight at the earliest
ham	You're not sure that I'm not trying to make xavier smoke because I don't want to smoke after being told I smoke too much?
ham	K come to nordstrom when you're done
ham	Do u konw waht is rael FRIENDSHIP Im gving yuo an exmpel: Jsut ese tihs msg.. Evrey splleing of tihs msg is wrnog.. Bt sitll yuo can raed it wihtuot ayn mitsake.. GOODNIGHT &amp; HAVE A NICE SLEEP..SWEET DREAMS..
ham	Now press conference da:)
spam	Hello from Orange. For 1 month's free access to games, news and sport, plus 10 free texts and 20 photo messages, reply YES. Terms apply: www.orange.co.uk/ow
ham	After completed degree. There is no use in joining finance.
ham	Good afternoon, my love ! Any job prospects ? Are you missing me ? What do you do ? Are you being lazy and bleak, hmmm ? Or happy and filled with my love ?
ham	Shant disturb u anymore... Jia you...
ham	Bishan lar nearer... No need buy so early cos if buy now i gotta park my car...
ham	Me, i dont know again oh
ham	Dude sux for snake. He got old and raiden got buff
ham	He says hi and to get your ass back to south tampa (preferably at a kegger)
ham	In e msg jus now. U said thanks for gift.
ham	U too...
ham	Ok how you dear. Did you call chechi
ham	Yeah we do totes. When u wanna?
ham	Ok i found dis pierre cardin one which looks normal costs 20 its on sale.
ham	Good sleep is about rhythm. The person has to establish a rhythm that the body will learn and use. If you want to know more :-)
ham	Wat r u doing?
ham	Message from . I am at Truro Hospital on ext. You can phone me here. as I have a phone by my side
ham	Single line with a big meaning::::: "Miss anything 4 ur "Best Life" but, don't miss ur best life for anything... Gud nyt...
ham	Just got some gas money, any chance you and the gang want to go on a grand nature adventure?
ham	Dnt worry...use ice pieces in a cloth pack.also take 2 tablets.
ham	Dude just saw a parked car with its sunroof popped up. Sux
ham	Get ready to put on your excellent sub face :)
ham	Tmrw. Im finishing 9 doors
ham	The  &lt;#&gt; g that i saw a few days ago, the guy wants sell wifi only for  &lt;#&gt;  and with 3g for  &lt;#&gt; . That's why i blanked him.
ham	I am late. I will be there at
ham	whatever, im pretty pissed off.
ham	Today is ACCEPT DAY..U Accept me as? Brother Sister Lover Dear1 Best1 Clos1 Lvblefrnd Jstfrnd Cutefrnd Lifpartnr Belovd Swtheart Bstfrnd No rply means enemy
ham	I dont have that much image in class.
ham	No:-)i got rumour that you going to buy apartment in chennai:-)
ham	Near kalainar tv office.thenampet
spam	Ur cash-balance is currently 500 pounds - to maximize ur cash-in now send GO to 86688 only 150p/msg. CC 08718720201 HG/Suite342/2Lands Row/W1J6HL
spam	SMS AUCTION - A BRAND NEW Nokia 7250 is up 4 auction today! Auction is FREE 2 join & take part! Txt NOKIA to 86021 now! HG/Suite342/2Lands Row/W1J6HL
ham	My sis is catching e show in e afternoon so i'm not watching w her. So c u wan 2 watch today or tmr lor.
ham	Sounds gd... Haha... Can... Wah, u yan jiu so fast liao...
ham	No. To be nosy I guess. Idk am I over reacting if I'm freaked?
ham	Remember all those whom i hurt during days of satanic imposter in me.need to pay a price,so be it.may destiny keep me going and as u said pray that i get the mind to get over the same.
ham	How to Make a girl Happy? It's not at all difficult to make girls happy. U only need to be... 1. A friend 2. Companion 3. Lover 4. Chef . . .  &lt;#&gt; . Good listener  &lt;#&gt; . Organizer  &lt;#&gt; . Good boyfriend  &lt;#&gt; . Very clean  &lt;#&gt; . Sympathetic  &lt;#&gt; . Athletic  &lt;#&gt; . Warm . . .  &lt;#&gt; . Courageous  &lt;#&gt; . Determined  &lt;#&gt; . True  &lt;#&gt; . Dependable  &lt;#&gt; . Intelligent . . .  &lt;#&gt; . Psychologist  &lt;#&gt; . Pest exterminator  &lt;#&gt; . Psychiatrist  &lt;#&gt; . Healer . .  &lt;#&gt; . Stylist  &lt;#&gt; . Driver . . Aaniye pudunga venaam..
ham	Why is that, princess? I bet the brothas are all chasing you!
ham	I shall book chez jules for half eight, if that's ok with you?
ham	Hhahhaahahah rofl wtf nig was leonardo in your room or something
ham	Yep, at derek's house now, see you Sunday &lt;3
ham	It's cool, let me know before it kicks off around  &lt;#&gt; , I'll be out and about all day
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	I was wondering if it would be okay for you to call uncle john and let him know that things are not the same in nigeria as they r here. That  &lt;#&gt;  dollars is 2years sent and that you know its a strain but i plan to pay back every dime he gives. Every dime so for me to expect anything from you is not practical. Something like that.
ham	There are no other charges after transfer charges and you can withdraw anyhow you like
ham	Dont search love, let love find U. Thats why its called falling in love, bcoz U dont force yourself, U just fall and U know there is smeone to hold U... BSLVYL
ham	At 4. Let's go to bill millers
ham	I love you. You set my soul on fire. It is not just a spark. But it is a flame. A big rawring flame. XoXo
ham	Somewhr someone is surely made 4 u. And God has decided a perfect time to make u meet dat person. . . . till den, . . . . . Enjoy ur crushes..!!!;-)
ham	That's my honeymoon outfit. :)
ham	Will it help if we propose going back again tomorrow
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08719899230 Identifier Code: 41685 Expires 07/11/04
ham	Never blame a day in ur life. Good days give u happiness. Bad days give u experience. Both are essential in life! All are Gods blessings! good morning.:
ham	Pls confirm the time to collect the cheque.
spam	As a Registered Subscriber yr draw 4 a £100 gift voucher will b entered on receipt of a correct ans. When are the next olympics. Txt ans to 80062
spam	URGENT! Your Mobile number has been awarded with a £2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09061790121 from land line. Claim 3030. Valid 12hrs only 150ppm
ham	Daddy will take good care of you :)
ham	Yeah probably, I still gotta check out with leo
ham	K.then any other special?
ham	Carlos is taking his sweet time as usual so let me know when you and patty are done/want to smoke and I'll tell him to haul ass
ham	Ok pa. Nothing problem:-)
ham	Have you heard about that job? I'm going to that wildlife talk again tonight if u want2come. Its that2worzels and a wizzle or whatever it is?! 
ham	God picked up a flower and dippeditinaDEW, lovingly touched itwhichturnedinto u, and the he gifted tomeandsaid,THIS FRIEND IS 4U
ham	When you came to hostel.
ham	Ok no prob... I'll come after lunch then...
ham	Jus telling u dat i'll b leaving 4 shanghai on 21st instead so we'll haf more time 2 meet up cya...
ham	Are your freezing ? Are you home yet ? Will you remember to kiss your mom in the morning? Do you love me ? Do you think of me ? Are you missing me yet ?
ham	You all ready for * big day tomorrow?
ham	I'll probably be around mu a lot
ham	645
spam	RT-KIng Pro Video Club>> Need help? info@ringtoneking.co.uk or call 08701237397 You must be 16+ Club credits redeemable at www.ringtoneking.co.uk! Enjoy!
ham	Thnx dude. u guys out 2nite?
ham	Me sef dey laugh you. Meanwhile how's my darling anjie!
ham	Mm i had my food da from out
ham	K, makes sense, btw carlos is being difficult so you guys are gonna smoke while I go pick up the second batch and get gas
ham	Did u download the fring app?
ham	The 2 oz guy is being kinda flaky but one friend is interested in picking up $ &lt;#&gt;  worth tonight if possible
ham	Friends that u can stay on fb chat with
ham	Fuck babe, I miss you sooooo much !! I wish you were here to sleep with me ... My bed is so lonely ... I go now, to sleep ... To dream of you, my love ...
ham	Living is very simple.. Loving is also simple.. Laughing is too simple.. Winning is tooo simple.. But, being 'SIMPLE' is very difficult.. Gud nte.:-
spam	U have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09058094599
ham	Ah, well that confuses things, doesn‘t it?
spam	500 free text msgs. Just text ok to 80488 and we'll credit your account
ham	Hi Dear Call me its urgnt. I don't know whats your problem. You don't want to work or if you have any other problem at least tell me. Wating for your reply.
ham	Dear how you. Are you ok?
spam	You have been selected to stay in 1 of 250 top British hotels - FOR NOTHING! Holiday Worth £350! To Claim, Call London 02072069400. Bx 526, SW73SS
ham	Yes princess! I want to make you happy...
ham	Sounds like you have many talents! would you like to go on a dinner date next week?
ham	I am going to film 2day da. At 6pm. Sorry da.
ham	We not watching movie already. Xy wants 2 shop so i'm shopping w her now.
ham	Hello my little party animal! I just thought I'd buzz you as you were with your friends ...*grins*... Reminding you were loved and send a naughty adoring kiss
ham	Yesterday its with me only . Now am going home.
spam	Eerie Nokia tones 4u, rply TONE TITLE to 8007 eg TONE DRACULA to 8007 Titles: GHOST, ADDAMSFA, MUNSTERS, EXORCIST, TWILIGHT www.getzed.co.uk POBox36504W45WQ 150p
ham	You have come into my life and brought the sun ..Shiny down on me, warming my heart. Putting a constant smile on my face ... Making me feel loved and cared for
ham	No shit, but I wasn't that surprised, so I went and spent the evening with that french guy I met in town here and we fooled around a bit but I didn't let him fuck me
spam	0A$NETWORKS allow companies to bill for SMS, so they are responsible for their "suppliers", just as a shop has to give a guarantee on what they sell. B. G.
ham	Great comedy..cant stop laughing da:)
spam	FreeMsg:Feelin kinda lnly hope u like 2 keep me company! Jst got a cam moby wanna c my pic?Txt or reply DATE to 82242 Msg150p 2rcv Hlp 08712317606 stop to 82242
ham	Alright, we're all set here, text the man
ham	Hi , where are you? We're at  and they're not keen to go out i kind of am but feel i shouldn't so can we go out tomo, don't mind do you?
ham	Sleeping nt feeling well
ham	U WILL SWITCH YOUR FONE ON DAMMIT!!
ham	India have to take lead:)
ham	I.ll post her out l8r. In class
ham	Thts wat Wright Brother did to fly..
ham	Evening * v good if somewhat event laden. Will fill you in, don't you worry … Head * ok but throat * wrecked. See you at six then!
ham	If u laugh really loud.. If u talk spontaneously.. If u dont care what others feel.. U are probably with your dear &amp; best friends.. GOODEVENING Dear..:)
ham	ITS A LAPTOP TAKE IT WITH YOU.
ham	I dont have any of your file in my bag..i was in work when you called me.i 'll tell you if i find anything in my room.
ham	I wan but too early lei... Me outside now wun b home so early... Neva mind then...
spam	For ur chance to win a £250 cash every wk TXT: ACTION to 80608. T's&C's www.movietrivia.tv custcare 08712405022, 1x150p/wk
ham	I was at bugis juz now wat... But now i'm walking home oredi... Ü so late then reply... I oso saw a top dat i like but din buy... Where r ü now? 
ham	Wishing you and your family Merry "X" mas and HAPPY NEW Year in advance..
ham	At 7 we will go ok na.
ham	Yes I posted a couple of pics on fb. There's still snow outside too. I'm just waking up :)
ham	S:-)if we have one good partnership going we will take lead:)
spam	RGENT! This is the 2nd attempt to contact U!U have WON £1250 CALL 09071512433 b4 050703 T&CsBCM4235WC1N3XX. callcost 150ppm mobilesvary. max£7. 50
ham	Yeah, where's your class at?
ham	No just send to you. Bec you in temple na.
ham	You aren't coming home between class, right? I need to work out and shower!
spam	Hi if ur lookin 4 saucy daytime fun wiv busty married woman Am free all next week Chat now 2 sort time 09099726429 JANINExx Calls£1/minMobsmoreLKPOBOX177HP51FL
ham	S but mostly not like that.
ham	Ü v ma fan...
ham	Dunno cos i was v late n when i reach they inside already... But we ate spageddies lor... It's e gals who r laughing at me lor...
ham	Guess who spent all last night phasing in and out of the fourth dimension
ham	So now my dad is gonna call after he gets out of work and ask all these crazy questions.
ham	Yes..but they said its IT.,
ham	Very hurting n meaningful lines ever: "I compromised everything for my love, But at d end my love compromised me for everything:-(".. Gud mornin:-)
ham	Lmao!nice 1
ham	Glad to see your reply.
spam	URGENT! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a £800 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09050001295 from land line. Claim A21. Valid 12hrs only
spam	Monthly password for wap. mobsi.com is 391784. Use your wap phone not PC.
ham	Nah dub but je still buff
ham	Painful words- "I thought being Happy was the most toughest thing on Earth... But, the toughest is acting Happy with all unspoken pain inside.."
ham	Yeah, that's fine! It's £6 to get in, is that ok? 
ham	Lol where do u come up with these ideas?
ham	So many people seems to be special at first sight, But only very few will remain special to you till your last sight.. Maintain them till life ends.. Sh!jas
ham	Today is "song dedicated day.." Which song will u dedicate for me? Send this to all ur valuable frnds but first rply me...
ham	Okay... We wait ah
ham	Y lei?
ham	HI BABE U R MOST LIKELY TO BE IN BED BUT IM SO SORRY ABOUT TONIGHT! I REALLY WANNA SEE U TOMORROW SO CALL ME AT 9. LOVE ME XXX
ham	Already am squatting is the new way of walking
ham	Do you want bold 2 or bb torch
ham	Cramps stopped. Going back to sleep
spam	todays vodafone numbers ending with 0089(my last four digits) are selected to received a £350 award. If your number matches please call 09063442151 to claim your £350 award
spam	Free Top ringtone -sub to weekly ringtone-get 1st week free-send SUBPOLY to 81618-?3 per week-stop sms-08718727870
ham	Nan sonathaya soladha. Why boss?
ham	Bring tat cd don forget
spam	Sunshine Quiz Wkly Q! Win a top Sony DVD player if u know which country the Algarve is in? Txt ansr to 82277. £1.50 SP:Tyrone
ham	I don't know but I'm raping dudes at poker
ham	Weightloss! No more girl friends. Make loads of money on ebay or something. And give thanks to God.
ham	Was gr8 to see that message. So when r u leaving? Congrats dear. What school and wat r ur plans.
ham	Ü eatin later but i'm eatin wif my frens now lei... Ü going home first? 
ham	Finish already... Yar they keep saying i mushy... I so embarrassed ok...
ham	Sorry man, my stash ran dry last night and I can't pick up more until sunday
ham	Hai priya are you right. What doctor said pa. Where are you.
spam	Free msg. Sorry, a service you ordered from 81303 could not be delivered as you do not have sufficient credit. Please top up to receive the service.
ham	Ok...
ham	Please ask mummy to call father
ham	Can come my room but cannot come my house cos my house still messy... Haha...
ham	I have lost 10 kilos as of today!
ham	Just taste fish curry :-P
ham	What can i do? Might accidant tookplace between somewhere ghodbandar rd. Traffic moves slovely. So plz slip &amp; don't worry.
ham	Yun ah.now ü wkg where?btw if ü go nus sc. Ü wana specialise in wad?
ham	Yes! I am a one woman man! Please tell me your likes and dislikes in bed...
ham	Was doing my test earlier. I appreciate you. Will call you tomorrow.
ham	How's my loverboy doing ? What does he do that keeps him from coming to his Queen, hmmm ? Doesn't he ache to speak to me ? Miss me desparately ?
ham	U meet other fren dun wan meet me ah... Muz b a guy rite...
ham	(No promises on when though, haven't even gotten dinner yet)
ham	I got your back! Do you have any dislikes in bed?
ham	o turns out i had stereo love on mi phone under the unknown album.
spam	Hard LIVE 121 chat just 60p/min. Choose your girl and connect LIVE. Call 09094646899 now! Cheap Chat UK's biggest live service. VU BCM1896WC1N3XX
ham	Yeah I don't see why not
ham	Asking do u knw them or nt? May be ur frnds or classmates?
ham	Sorry about earlier. Putting out fires.Are you around to talk after 9? Or do you actually have a life, lol!
spam	WOW! The Boys R Back. TAKE THAT 2007 UK Tour. Win VIP Tickets & pre-book with VIP Club. Txt CLUB to 81303. Trackmarque Ltd info@vipclub4u.
ham	As in missionary hook up, doggy hook up, standing...|
ham	Then u better go sleep.. Dun disturb u liao.. U wake up then msg me lor..
ham	Fighting with the world is easy, u either win or lose bt fightng with some1 who is close to u is dificult if u lose - u lose if u win - u still lose.
ham	Am watching house – very entertaining – am getting the whole hugh laurie thing – even with the stick – indeed especially with the stick.
ham	Thought praps you meant another one. Goodo! I'll look tomorrow 
ham	Hi Jon, Pete here, Ive bin 2 Spain recently & hav sum dinero left, Bill said u or ur rents mayb interested in it, I hav 12,000pes, so around £48, tb, James.
ham	There bold 2  &lt;#&gt; . Is that yours
ham	You know there is. I shall speak to you in  &lt;#&gt;  minutes then
ham	"ALRITE HUNNY!WOT U UP 2 2NITE? DIDNT END UP GOIN DOWN TOWN JUS DA PUB INSTEAD! JUS CHILLIN AT DA MO IN ME BEDROOM!LOVE JEN XXX."
ham	I went to project centre
ham	As per your request 'Maangalyam (Alaipayuthe)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
ham	Lol yeah at this point I guess not
ham	Doing project w frens lor. 
ham	Lol. Well quality aint bad at all so i aint complaining
ham	K, can that happen tonight?
spam	Hi, this is Mandy Sullivan calling from HOTMIX FM...you are chosen to receive £5000.00 in our Easter Prize draw.....Please telephone 09041940223 to claim before 29/03/05 or your prize will be transferred to someone else....
ham	I think we're going to finn's now, come
ham	Why tired what special there you had
ham	I will come tomorrow di
ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham	K go and sleep well. Take rest:-).
ham	U guys never invite me anywhere :(
spam	UR GOING 2 BAHAMAS! CallFREEFONE 08081560665 and speak to a live operator to claim either Bahamas cruise of£2000 CASH 18+only. To opt out txt X to 07786200117
ham	I can do that! I want to please you both inside and outside the bedroom...
ham	"EY! CALM DOWNON THEACUSATIONS.. ITXT U COS IWANA KNOW WOTU R DOIN AT THEW/END... HAVENTCN U IN AGES..RING ME IF UR UP4 NETHING SAT.LOVE J XXX."
ham	I love to wine and dine my lady!
spam	Someone has conacted our dating service and entered your phone because they fancy you!To find out who it is call from landline 09111030116. PoBox12n146tf15
ham	Im cool ta luv but v.tired 2 cause i have been doin loads of planning all wk, we have got our social services inspection at the nursery! Take care & spk sn x.
ham	I don know account details..i will ask my mom and send you.my mom is out of reach now.
ham	I think u have the wrong number.
ham	Feel Yourself That You Are Always Happy.. Slowly It Becomes Your Habit &amp; Finally It Becomes Part Of Your Life.. Follow It.. Happy Morning &amp; Have A Happy Day:)
ham	DO NOT B LATE LOVE MUM
ham	Got it..mail panren paru..
ham	* Was thinking about chuckin ur red green n black trainners 2 save carryin them bac on train
ham	Give one miss from that number please
ham	Jus came back fr lunch wif my sis only. U leh?
ham	How is your schedule next week? I am out of town this weekend.
ham	Really good:)dhanush rocks once again:)
ham	Lmao ok I wont be needing u to do my hair anymore.
ham	Miss ya, need ya, want ya, love ya.
ham	Sorry i'm not free...
ham	Do u ever get a song stuck in your head for no reason and it won't go away til u listen to it like 5 times?
ham	Nt yet chikku..simple habba..hw abt u?
ham	Got ur mail Dileep.thank you so muchand look forward to lots of support...very less contacts here,remember one venugopal you mentioned.tomorrow if not late,i shall try to come up till there.goodnight dear.
ham	Sometimes Heart Remembrs someone Very much... Forgets someone soon... Bcoz Heart will not like everyone. But liked ones will be Remembered Everytime... BSLVYL
ham	Joy's father is John. Then John is the NAME of Joy's father. Mandan
spam	Hi 07734396839 IBH Customer Loyalty Offer: The NEW NOKIA6600 Mobile from ONLY £10 at TXTAUCTION!Txt word:START to No:81151 & get Yours Now!4T&
ham	Hi this is yijue... It's regarding the 3230 textbook it's intro to algorithms second edition... I'm selling it for $50...
spam	SMS AUCTION You have won a Nokia 7250i. This is what you get when you win our FREE auction. To take part send Nokia to 86021 now. HG/Suite342/2Lands Row/W1JHL 16+
ham	K, want us to come by now?
ham	How. Its a little difficult but its a simple way to enter this place
ham	Ha... Both of us doing e same thing. But i got tv 2 watch. U can thk of where 2 go tonight or u already haf smth in mind...
ham	Dont show yourself. How far. Put new pictures up on facebook.
ham	Watching tv now. I got new job :)
ham	Good afternoon sexy buns! How goes the job search ? I wake and you are my first thought as always, my love. I wish your fine and happy and know I adore you!
ham	I'm not coming over, do whatever you want
ham	Its ok chikku, and its my 1 of favourite song..:-)
ham	Did u see what I posted on your Facebook?
spam	Call FREEPHONE 0800 542 0578 now!
spam	Buy Space Invaders 4 a chance 2 win orig Arcade Game console. Press 0 for Games Arcade (std WAP charge) See o2.co.uk/games 4 Terms + settings. No purchase
ham	7 wonders in My WORLD 7th You 6th Ur style 5th Ur smile 4th Ur Personality 3rd Ur Nature 2nd Ur SMS and 1st "Ur Lovely Friendship"... good morning dear
spam	Loan for any purpose £500 - £75,000. Homeowners + Tenants welcome. Have you been previously refused? We can still help. Call Free 0800 1956669 or text back 'help'
spam	BIG BROTHER ALERT! The computer has selected u for 10k cash or #150 voucher. Call 09064018838. NTT PO Box CRO1327 18+ BT Landline Cost 150ppm mobiles vary
ham	;-( oh well, c u later
ham	My uncles in Atlanta. Wish you guys a great semester.
ham	No dear i do have free messages without any recharge. Hi hi hi
ham	Dont search love, let love find U. Thats why its called falling in love, bcoz U dont force yourself, U just fall and U know there is smeone to hold U... BSLVYL
ham	I dun believe u. I thk u told him.
ham	Do you know why god created gap between your fingers..? So that, One who is made for you comes &amp; fills those gaps by holding your hand with LOVE..!
ham	Yes:)sura in sun tv.:)lol.
ham	Arun can u transfr me d amt
ham	Takin a shower now but yeah I'll leave when I'm done
ham	Am not working but am up to eyes in philosophy so will text u later when a bit more free for chat...
ham	U havent lost me ill always b here 4u.i didnt intend 2 hurt u but I never knew how u felt about me when Iwas+marine&thats what itried2tell urmom.i careabout u
spam	WIN: We have a winner! Mr. T. Foley won an iPod! More exciting prizes soon, so keep an eye on ur mobile or visit www.win-82050.co.uk
ham	You bad girl. I can still remember them
ham	How much i gave to you. Morning.
ham	I hope your alright babe? I worry that you might have felt a bit desparate when you learned the job was a fake ? I am here waiting when you come back, my love
ham	Hey, can you tell me blake's address? Carlos wanted me to meet him there but I got lost and he's not answering his phone
ham	Can i get your opinion on something first?
ham	That one week leave i put know that time. Why.
ham	If we hit it off, you can move in with me :)
ham	excellent. I spent  &lt;#&gt;  years in the Air Force. Iraq and afghanistan. I am stable and honest. do you like traveling?
ham	I wanna watch that movie
ham	Ok lor thanx... Ü in school?
ham	I'm in class. Did you get my text.
ham	The bus leaves at  &lt;#&gt; 
ham	God bless.get good sleep my dear...i will pray!
spam	Todays Voda numbers ending 1225 are selected to receive a £50award. If you have a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 3100 standard rates app 
ham	Do have a nice day today. I love you so dearly.
ham	Aiyo a bit pai seh ü noe... Scared he dun rem who i am then die... Hee... But he become better lookin oredi leh...
ham	Aight, I'll ask a few of my roommates
ham	Now, whats your house # again ? And do you have any beer there ?
ham	Do ü all wan 2 meet up n combine all the parts? How's da rest of da project going?
ham	"Getting tickets 4 walsall tue 6 th march. My mate is getting me them on sat. ill pay my treat. Want 2 go. Txt bak .Terry"
ham	Yes we are chatting too.
ham	HI ITS JESS I DONT KNOW IF YOU ARE AT WORK BUT CALL ME WHEN U CAN IM AT HOME ALL EVE. XXX
ham	Sian... Aft meeting supervisor got work 2 do liao... U working now?
ham	Are you going to write ccna exam this week??
ham	Well i will watch shrek in 3D!!B)
ham	Am i that much dirty fellow?
ham	Dunno dat's wat he told me. Ok lor...
ham	I'll probably be by tomorrow (or even later tonight if something's going on)
ham	I couldn't say no as he is a dying man and I feel sad for him so I will go and I just wanted you to know I would probably be gone late into your night
ham	If you're thinking of lifting me one then no.
ham	Same as u... Dun wan... Y u dun like me already ah... Wat u doing now? Still eating?
ham	Sent me ur email id soon
ham	Wat makes some people dearer is not just de happiness dat u feel when u meet them but de pain u feel when u miss dem!!!
ham	Dude. What's up. How Teresa. Hope you have been okay. When i didnt hear from these people, i called them and they had received the package since dec  &lt;#&gt; . Just thot you'ld like to know. Do have a fantastic year and all the best with your reading. Plus if you can really really Bam first aid for Usmle, then your work is done.
ham	Hey gorgeous man. My work mobile number is. Have a good one babe. Squishy Mwahs.
ham	May i call You later Pls
spam	Hottest pics straight to your phone!! See me getting Wet and Wanting, just for you xx Text PICS to 89555 now! txt costs 150p textoperator g696ga 18 XxX
ham	That's the way you should stay oh.
ham	Hello- thanx for taking that call. I got a job! Starts on monday!
ham	What time is ur flight tmr?
ham	When should I come over?
ham	I have a rather prominent bite mark on my right cheek
ham	* Will be september by then!
ham	Are you wet right now?
ham	And how's your husband.
spam	Hack Chat. Get backdoor entry into 121 chat rooms at a fraction of the cost. Reply NEO69 or call 09050280520, to subscribe 25p pm. DPS, Bcm box 8027 Ldn, wc1n3xx
ham	Are we doing the norm tomorrow? I finish just a 4.15 cos of st tests. Need to sort library stuff out at some point tomo - got letter from today - access til end march so i better get move on!
ham	Yeah. I got a list with only u and Joanna if I'm feeling really anti social
ham	I am in your office na.
ham	"Are you comingdown later?"
ham	Super da:)good replacement for murali
ham	Da is good good player.why he is unsold.
ham	Hi. || Do u want | to join me with sts later? || Meeting them at five. || Call u after class.
ham	Its on in engalnd! But telly has decided it won't let me watch it and mia and elliot were kissing! Damn it!
spam	FREE NOKIA Or Motorola with upto 12mths 1/2price linerental, 500 FREE x-net mins&100txt/mth FREE B'tooth*. Call Mobileupd8 on 08001950382 or call 2optout/D3WV
ham	I dont want to hear philosophy. Just say what happen
ham	You got job in wipro:)you will get every thing in life in 2 or 3 years.
ham	Then cant get da laptop? My matric card wif ü lei... 
ham	Dunno da next show aft 6 is 850. Toa payoh got 650.
spam	This is the 2nd time we have tried 2 contact u. U have won the 750 Pound prize. 2 claim is easy, call 08718726970 NOW! Only 10p per min. BT-national-rate 
ham	I just made some payments so dont have that much. Sorry. Would you want it fedex or the other way.
ham	They did't play one day last year know even though they have very good team.. Like india.
ham	K.:)you are the only girl waiting in reception ah?
ham	Say this slowly.? GOD,I LOVE YOU &amp; I NEED YOU,CLEAN MY HEART WITH YOUR BLOOD.Send this to Ten special people &amp; u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it...
ham	I hate when she does this. She turns what should be a fun shopping trip into an annoying day of how everything would look in her house.
ham	Sir, i am waiting for your call.
ham	What's up. Do you want me to come online?
ham	It could work, we'll reach a consensus at the next meeting
ham	Aiyah then i wait lor. Then u entertain me. Hee...
ham	The last thing i ever wanted to do was hurt you. And i didn't think it would have. You'd laugh, be embarassed, delete the tag and keep going. But as far as i knew, it wasn't even up. The fact that you even felt like i would do it to hurt you shows you really don't know me at all. It was messy wednesday, but it wasn't bad. The problem i have with it is you HAVE the time to clean it, but you choose not to. You skype, you take pictures, you sleep, you want to go out. I don't mind a few things here and there, but when you don't make the bed, when you throw laundry on top of it, when i can't have a friend in the house because i'm embarassed that there's underwear and bras strewn on the bed, pillows on the floor, that's something else. You used to be good about at least making the bed.
ham	I'll let you know when it kicks in
ham	You call him now ok i said call him
ham	Call to the number which is available in appointment. And ask to connect the call to waheed fathima.
ham	Or ü go buy wif him then i meet ü later can?
ham	Mmmm ... Fuck ... Not fair ! You know my weaknesses ! *grins* *pushes you to your knee's* *exposes my belly and pulls your head to it* Don't forget ... I know yours too *wicked smile*
ham	Today my system sh get ready.all is well and i am also in the deep well
ham	Mom wants to know where you at
ham	Aight, I'll text you when I'm back
ham	Dont know supports ass and srt i thnk. I think ps3 can play through usb too
ham	Oh ok i didnt know what you meant. Yep i am baby jontin
spam	You have WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or a £2000 prize.To claim yr prize call our customer service representative on
spam	Would you like to see my XXX pics they are so hot they were nearly banned in the uk!
spam	HMV BONUS SPECIAL 500 pounds of genuine HMV vouchers to be won. Just answer 4 easy questions. Play Now! Send HMV to 86688 More info:www.100percent-real.com
ham	Watching tv now. I got new job :)
ham	This pen thing is beyond a joke. Wont a Biro do? Don't do a masters as can't do this ever again! 
ham	I AM AT A PARTY WITH ALEX NICHOLS
spam	U have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09058094594
ham	Just seeing your missed call my dear brother. Do have a gr8 day.
ham	Ok.. Ü finishing soon?
ham	Sorry, I can't help you on this.
ham	Come to me, slave. Your doing it again ... Going into your shell and unconsciously avoiding me ... You are making me unhappy :-(
ham	I love your ass! Do you enjoy doggy style? :)
ham	I think asking for a gym is the excuse for lazy people. I jog.
spam	Dear 0776xxxxxxx U've been invited to XCHAT. This is our final attempt to contact u! Txt CHAT to 86688 150p/MsgrcvdHG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL LDN 18yrs 
spam	Urgent! Please call 09061743811 from landline. Your ABTA complimentary 4* Tenerife Holiday or £5000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs Box 326 CW25WX 150ppm
ham	No. On the way home. So if not for the long dry spell the season would have been over
ham	I gotta collect da car at 6 lei.
ham	Ok but knackered. Just came home and went to sleep! Not good at this full time work lark.
ham	Probably earlier than that if the station's where I think it is
spam	CALL 09090900040 & LISTEN TO EXTREME DIRTY LIVE CHAT GOING ON IN THE OFFICE RIGHT NOW TOTAL PRIVACY NO ONE KNOWS YOUR [sic] LISTENING 60P MIN 24/7MP 0870753331018+
ham	Good Morning plz call me sir
spam	FreeMsg Hey U, i just got 1 of these video/pic fones, reply WILD to this txt & ill send U my pics, hurry up Im so bored at work xxx (18 150p/rcvd STOP2stop)
ham	Uh, heads up we don't have THAT much left
ham	I tot u outside cos darren say u come shopping. Of course we nice wat. We jus went sim lim look at mp3 player.
ham	Aight, sounds good. When do you want me to come down?
ham	Wat would u like 4 ur birthday?
ham	I love working from home :)
ham	And miss vday the parachute and double coins??? U must not know me very well...
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	My sister got placed in birla soft da:-)
spam	Free entry in 2 a weekly comp for a chance to win an ipod. Txt POD to 80182 to get entry (std txt rate) T&C's apply 08452810073 for details 18+
ham	Wah... Okie okie... Muz make use of e unlimited... Haha... 
ham	There're some people by mu, I'm at the table by lambda
ham	And stop being an old man. You get to build snowman snow angels and snowball fights.
ham	ELLO BABE U OK?
ham	Hello beautiful r u ok? I've kinda ad a row wiv and he walked out the pub?? I wanted a night wiv u Miss u 
ham	Then u going ikea str aft dat?
ham	Becoz its  &lt;#&gt;  jan whn al the post ofice is in holiday so she cn go fr the post ofice...got it duffer
ham	Lol grr my mom is taking forever with my prescription. Pharmacy is like 2 minutes away. Ugh.
ham	For real tho this sucks. I can't even cook my whole electricity is out. And I'm hungry.
ham	You want to go? 
spam	New TEXTBUDDY Chat 2 horny guys in ur area 4 just 25p Free 2 receive Search postcode or at gaytextbuddy.com. TXT ONE name to 89693. 08715500022 rpl Stop 2 cnl
ham	Its not that time of the month nor mid of the time?
ham	Fffff. Can you text kadeem or are you too far gone
ham	We not leaving yet. Ok lor then we go elsewhere n eat. U thk...
ham	Is fujitsu s series lifebook good?
ham	Yar i wanted 2 scold u yest but late already... I where got zhong se qing you? If u ask me b4 he ask me then i'll go out w u all lor. N u still can act so real.
ham	Dont know you bring some food
ham	No current and food here. I am alone also
ham	I'll be in sch fr 4-6... I dun haf da book in sch... It's at home...
ham	Hello. They are going to the village pub at 8 so either come here or there accordingly. Ok?
ham	Ok
ham	We don call like  &lt;#&gt;  times oh. No give us hypertension oh.
ham	Dont give a monkeys wot they think and i certainly don't mind. Any friend of mine&all that! Just don't sleep wiv , that wud be annoyin!
ham	Omg it could snow here tonite!
spam	Call from 08702490080 - tells u 2 call 09066358152 to claim £5000 prize. U have 2 enter all ur mobile & personal details @ the prompts. Careful!
spam	Free 1st week entry 2 TEXTPOD 4 a chance 2 win 40GB iPod or £250 cash every wk. Txt VPOD to 81303 Ts&Cs www.textpod.net custcare 08712405020.
ham	Carry on not disturbing both of you
ham	What pa tell me.. I went to bath:-)
ham	Jus finished avatar nigro
ham	R u over scratching it?
ham	Hope you are having a great day.
ham	Did either of you have any idea's? Do you know of anyplaces doing something?
ham	My planning usually stops at "find hella weed, smoke hella weed"
ham	The fact that you're cleaning shows you know why i'm upset. Your priority is constantly "what i want to do," not "what i need to do."
ham	Excellent! Are you ready to moan and scream in ecstasy?
spam	More people are dogging in your area now. Call 09090204448 and join like minded guys. Why not arrange 1 yourself. There's 1 this evening. A£1.50 minAPN LS278BB
ham	Dude avatar 3d was imp. At one point i thought there were actually flies in the room and almost tried hittng one as a reflex
spam	WELL DONE! Your 4* Costa Del Sol Holiday or £5000 await collection. Call 09050090044 Now toClaim. SAE, TCs, POBox334, Stockport, SK38xh, Cost£1.50/pm, Max10mins
ham	K...k:)why cant you come here and search job:)
ham	I got lousy sleep. I kept waking up every 2 hours to see if my cat wanted to come in. I worry about him when its cold :(
ham	Yeah, I'll leave in a couple minutes &amp; let you know when I get to mu
ham	Can ü call me at 10:10 to make sure dat i've woken up...
ham	Hey we can go jazz power yoga hip hop kb and yogasana 
ham	The battery is for mr adewale my uncle. Aka Egbon
ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham	Wait 2 min..stand at bus stop
ham	Oh ic. I thought you meant mary jane.
ham	Haha... Really oh no... How? Then will they deduct your lesson tmr?
ham	Nah im goin 2 the wrks with j wot bout u?
ham	Then just eat a shit and wait for ur monkey face bitch.......... U asshole..................
ham	Good night. Am going to sleep.
ham	Aight I'll grab something to eat too, text me when you're back at mu
ham	K...k:)why cant you come here and search job:)
ham	Take something for pain. If it moves however to any side in the next 6hrs see a doctor.
ham	Lol ... Oh no babe, I wont be sliding into your place after midnight, but thanks for the invite
ham	Howz that persons story
spam	Guess what! Somebody you know secretly fancies you! Wanna find out who it is? Give us a call on 09065394973 from Landline DATEBox1282EssexCM61XN 150p/min 18
ham	LOL that would be awesome payback.
spam	it to 80488. Your 500 free text messages are valid until 31 December 2005.
ham	Yes :)it completely in out of form:)clark also utter waste.
ham	Honeybee Said: *I'm d Sweetest in d World* God Laughed &amp; Said: *Wait,U Havnt Met d Person Reading This Msg* MORAL: Even GOD Can Crack Jokes! GM+GN+GE+GN:)
ham	Thanks. It was only from tescos but quite nice. All gone now. Speak soon 
ham	What's a feathery bowa? Is that something guys have that I don't know about?
ham	Even i cant close my eyes you are in me our vava playing umma :-D
ham	2 laptop... I noe infra but too slow lar... I wan fast one
spam	You have won a guaranteed £200 award or even £1000 cashto claim UR award call free on 08000407165 (18+) 2 stop getstop on 88222 PHP
ham	Nvm it's ok...
ham	Enjoy ur life. . Good night
ham	Yes but can we meet in town cos will go to gep and then home. You could text at bus stop. And don't worry we'll have finished by march … ish!
ham	I had askd u a question some hours before. Its answer
ham	Thats cool. Where should i cum? On you or in you? :)
ham	Delhi and chennai still silent.
ham	Lol alright i was thinkin that too haha
spam	Reply to win £100 weekly! Where will the 2006 FIFA World Cup be held? Send STOP to 87239 to end service
ham	No I'm in the same boat. Still here at my moms. Check me out on yo. I'm half naked.
ham	Shhhhh nobody is supposed to know!
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	Sorry, I'll call later in meeting any thing related to trade please call Arul. &lt;#&gt; 
ham	Hey i will be late... i'm at amk. Need to drink tea or coffee
ham	I wnt to buy a BMW car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  &lt;#&gt; Lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. &lt;#&gt; lacs..thats my prob
spam	Urgent! Please call 09061743810 from landline. Your ABTA complimentary 4* Tenerife Holiday or #5000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs Box 326 CW25WX 150 ppm
ham	The length is e same but e top shorter n i got a fringe now. I thk i'm not going liao. Too lazy. Dun wan 2 distract u also.
ham	S..antha num corrct dane
ham	No calls..messages..missed calls
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	The basket's gettin full so I might be by tonight
ham	HI DARLIN IVE JUST GOT BACK AND I HAD A REALLY NICE NIGHT AND THANKS SO MUCH FOR THE LIFT SEE U TOMORROW XXX
ham	No other Valentines huh? The proof is on your fb page. Ugh I'm so glad I really DIDN'T watch your rupaul show you TOOL!
spam	Free tones Hope you enjoyed your new content. text stop to 61610 to unsubscribe. help:08712400602450p Provided by tones2you.co.uk
ham	Eh den sat u book e kb liao huh...
ham	Have you been practising your curtsey?
ham	Shall i come to get pickle
ham	Lol boo I was hoping for a laugh
ham	"YEH I AM DEF UP4 SOMETHING SAT,JUST GOT PAYED2DAY & I HAVBEEN GIVEN A£50 PAY RISE 4MY WORK & HAVEBEEN MADE PRESCHOOLCO-ORDINATOR 2I AM FEELINGOOD LUV"
ham	Well, I have to leave for my class babe ... You never came back to me ... :-( ... Hope you have a nice sleep, my love
ham	LMAO where's your fish memory when I need it?
ham	But i'll b going 2 sch on mon. My sis need 2 take smth.
ham	Idea will soon get converted to live:)
spam	TheMob>Yo yo yo-Here comes a new selection of hot downloads for our members to get for FREE! Just click & open the next link sent to ur fone...
ham	S....s...india going to draw the series after many years in south african soil..
ham	Goodmorning, today i am late for  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; min.
ham	Can't take any major roles in community outreach. You rock mel
ham	Shopping lor. Them raining mah hard 2 leave orchard.
ham	Hi here. have birth at on the  to  at 8lb 7oz. Mother and baby doing brilliantly.
ham	See the forwarding message for proof
ham	I can't keep going through this. It was never my intention to run you out, but if you choose to do that rather than keep the room clean so *I* don't have to say no to visitors, then maybe that's the best choice. Yes, I wanted you to be embarassed, so maybe you'd feel for once how I feel when i have a friend who wants to drop buy and i have to say no, as happened this morning. I've tried everything. I don't know what else to do.
ham	Dunno lei... I thk mum lazy to go out... I neva ask her yet...
ham	Do whatever you want. You know what the rules are. We had a talk earlier this week about what had to start happening, you showing responsibility. Yet, every week it's can i bend the rule this way? What about that way? Do whatever. I'm tired of having thia same argument with you every week. And a  &lt;#&gt;  movie DOESNT inlude the previews. You're still getting in after 1.
ham	Beautiful Truth against Gravity.. Read carefully: "Our heart feels light when someone is in it.. But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it.." GOODMORNING
spam	Great News! Call FREEFONE 08006344447 to claim your guaranteed £1000 CASH or £2000 gift. Speak to a live operator NOW!
ham	Ambrith..madurai..met u in arun dha marrge..remembr?
ham	Just re read it and I have no shame but tell me how he takes it and if he runs I will blame u 4 ever!! Not really 4 ever just a long time 
ham	Princess, is your kitty shaved or natural?
ham	Better than bb. If he wont use it, his wife will or them doctor
ham	Ya it came a while ago
ham	From tomorrow onwards eve 6 to 3 work.
ham	Anything lor but toa payoh got place 2 walk meh...
ham	I don't have anybody's number, I still haven't thought up a tactful way to ask alex
spam	U can WIN £100 of Music Gift Vouchers every week starting NOW Txt the word DRAW to 87066 TsCs www.ldew.com SkillGame,1Winaweek, age16.150ppermessSubscription
ham	Is there any movie theatre i can go to and watch unlimited movies and just pay once?
ham	U having lunch alone? I now so bored...
ham	Yes obviously, but you are the eggs-pert and the potato head… Speak soon! 
ham	Nah man, my car is meant to be crammed full of people
ham	No got new job at bar in airport on satsgettin 4.47per hour but means no lie in! keep in touch
ham	Kallis is ready for bat in 2nd innings
ham	Thanx but my birthday is over already.
ham	Ugh y can't u just apologize, admit u were wrong and ask me to take u back?
ham	I noe la... U wana pei bf oso rite... K lor, other days den...
ham	Yes, i'm small kid.. And boost is the secret of my energy..
ham	IM GONNA MISS U SO MUCH
ham	Is avatar supposed to have subtoitles
ham	Simply sitting and watching match in office..
ham	You can jot down things you want to remember later.
ham	Oh sorry please its over
ham	Hey are we going for the lo lesson or gym? 
ham	Dont pack what you can buy at any store.like cereals. If you must pack food, pack gari or something 9ja that you will miss.
ham	You always make things bigger than they are
ham	Ü dun wan to watch infernal affair?
ham	Me not waking up until 4 in the afternoon, sup
spam	4mths half price Orange line rental & latest camera phones 4 FREE. Had your phone 11mths ? Call MobilesDirect free on 08000938767 to update now! or2stoptxt
ham	I can send you a pic if you like :)
ham	Okay... I booked all already... Including the one at bugis.
ham	Aight fuck it, I'll get it later
ham	No de. But call me after some time. Ill tell you k
ham	So dont use hook up any how
ham	How much is blackberry bold2 in nigeria.
ham	Hi where you. You in home or calicut?
ham	Hey darlin.. i can pick u up at college if u tell me wen & where 2 mt.. love Pete xx
spam	Call 09094100151 to use ur mins! Calls cast 10p/min (mob vary). Service provided by AOM, just GBP5/month. AOM Box61,M60 1ER until u stop. Ages 18+ only!
ham	Oh... I was thkin of goin yogasana at 10 den no nd to go at 3 den can rush to parco 4 nb... Okie lor, u call me when ready...
ham	Y so late but i need to go n get da laptop...
ham	Sir, I am waiting for your mail.
ham	.Please charge my mobile when you get up in morning.
ham	Nothing, i got msg frm tht unknown no..
ham	Ugh fuck it I'm resubbing to eve
ham	He didn't see his shadow. We get an early spring yay
ham	I did. One slice and one breadstick. Lol
ham	Hey ! I want you ! I crave you ! I miss you ! I need you ! I love you, Ahmad Saeed al Hallaq ...
ham	Is there any training tomorrow?
spam	URGENT! Your mobile No *********** WON a £2,000 Bonus Caller Prize on 02/06/03! This is the 2nd attempt to reach YOU! Call 09066362220 ASAP! BOX97N7QP, 150ppm
ham	Pass dis to all ur contacts n see wat u get! Red;i'm in luv wid u. Blue;u put a smile on my face. Purple;u r realy hot. Pink;u r so swt. Orange;i thnk i lyk u. Green;i realy wana go out wid u. Yelow;i wnt u bck. Black;i'm jealous of u. Brown;i miss you Nw plz giv me one color
ham	Cos daddy arranging time c wat time fetch ü mah...
ham	Then. You are eldest know.
ham	Who's there say hi to our drugdealer
ham	Its hard to believe things like this. All can say lie but think twice before saying anything to me.
spam	Eerie Nokia tones 4u, rply TONE TITLE to 8007 eg TONE DRACULA to 8007 Titles: GHOST, ADDAMSFA, MUNSTERS, EXORCIST, TWILIGHT www.getzed.co.uk POBox36504W45WQ 150p 
spam	Sexy Singles are waiting for you! Text your AGE followed by your GENDER as wither M or F E.G.23F. For gay men text your AGE followed by a G. e.g.23G.
ham	Good night my dear.. Sleepwell&amp;Take care
ham	That is wondarfull song
spam	FreeMsg: Claim ur 250 SMS messages-Text OK to 84025 now!Use web2mobile 2 ur mates etc. Join Txt250.com for 1.50p/wk. T&C BOX139, LA32WU. 16 . Remove txtX or stop
ham	Yar lor actually we quite fast... Cos da ge slow wat... Haha...
ham	Must come later.. I normally bathe him in da afternoon mah..
ham	Trust me. Even if isn't there, its there.
ham	Hey hun-onbus goin 2 meet him. He wants 2go out 4a meal but I donyt feel like it cuz have 2 get last bus home!But hes sweet latelyxxx
spam	85233 FREE>Ringtone!Reply REAL
ham	I can take you at like noon
ham	Where is it. Is there any opening for mca.
ham	I'm aight. Wat's happening on your side.
ham	I'm done oredi...
ham	you are sweet as well, princess. Please tell me your likes and dislikes in bed...
ham	How are you. Wish you a great semester
ham	Moji i love you more than words. Have a rich day
ham	Dude how do you like the buff wind.
ham	"alright babe, justthought id sayhey! how u doin?nearly the endof me wk offdam nevamind!We will have 2Hook up sn if uwant m8? loveJen x."
spam	Well done ENGLAND! Get the official poly ringtone or colour flag on yer mobile! text TONE or FLAG to 84199 NOW! Opt-out txt ENG STOP. Box39822 W111WX £1.50
ham	No i'm not. I can't give you everything you want and need. You actually could do better for yourself on yor own--you've got more money than i do. I can't get work, i can't get a man, i can't pay the rent, i can't even fill my fucking gas tank. yes, i'm stressed and depressed. I didn't even call home for thanksgiving cuz i'll have to tell them i,m up to nothing.
ham	S:-)kallis wont play in first two odi:-)
ham	Then get some cash together and I'll text jason
ham	Oh, my love, it's soooo good to hear from you. Omg I missed you so much today. I'm sorry your having problems with the provider but thank you for tming me
spam	Final Chance! Claim ur £150 worth of discount vouchers today! Text YES to 85023 now! SavaMob, member offers mobile! T Cs SavaMob POBOX84, M263UZ. £3.00 Subs 16
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2004 Account Statement for 07742676969 shows 786 unredeemed Bonus Points. To claim call 08719180248 Identifier Code: 45239 Expires
ham	Probably, want to pick up more?
ham	I'm done...
ham	Are you the cutest girl in the world or what
ham	No dice, art class 6 thru 9 :( thanks though. Any idea what time I should come tomorrow?
spam	SMS SERVICES. for your inclusive text credits, pls goto www.comuk.net login= ***** unsubscribe with STOP. no extra charge. help:08700469649. PO BOX420. IP4 5WE
ham	Oh Howda gud gud.. Mathe en samachara chikku:-)
ham	I thk 530 lor. But dunno can get tickets a not. Wat u doing now?
ham	Audrie lousy autocorrect
ham	Its a site to simulate the test. It just gives you very tough questions to test your readiness.
ham	Anyway seriously hit me up when you're back because otherwise I have to light up with armand and he always has shit and/or is vomiting
ham	I fetch yun or u fetch?
ham	Thank you. I like you as well...
ham	Hmmm ... And imagine after you've come home from that having to rub my feet, make me dinner and help me get ready for my date ! Are you sure your ready for that kind of life ?
spam	FREE2DAY sexy St George's Day pic of Jordan!Txt PIC to 89080 dont miss out, then every wk a saucy celeb!4 more pics c PocketBabe.co.uk 0870241182716 £3/wk
ham	Lara said she can loan me  &lt;#&gt; .
ham	Do we have any spare power supplies
ham	Yar he quite clever but aft many guesses lor. He got ask me 2 bring but i thk darren not so willing 2 go. Aiya they thk leona still not attach wat.
spam	You are a winner you have been specially selected to receive £1000 cash or a £2000 award. Speak to a live operator to claim call 087123002209am-7pm. Cost 10p
ham	Yeah, don't go to bed, I'll be back before midnight
spam	Sunshine Hols. To claim ur med holiday send a stamped self address envelope to Drinks on Us UK, PO Box 113, Bray, Wicklow, Eire. Quiz Starts Saturday! Unsub Stop
ham	Well I wasn't available as I washob nobbing with last night so they had to ask Nickey Platt instead of me!;
ham	It's that time of the week again, ryan
ham	Wish u many many returns of the day.. Happy birthday vikky..
spam	U can WIN £100 of Music Gift Vouchers every week starting NOW Txt the word DRAW to 87066 TsCs www.Idew.com SkillGame, 1Winaweek, age16. 150ppermessSubscription
ham	I hope you know I'm still mad at you.
ham	Argh my 3g is spotty, anyway the only thing I remember from the research we did was that province and sterling were the only problem-free places we looked at
ham	In xam hall boy asked girl Tell me the starting term for dis answer I can den manage on my own After lot of hesitation n lookin around silently she said THE! intha ponnungale ipaditan;)
ham	Do you know when the result.
spam	+123 Congratulations - in this week's competition draw u have won the £1450 prize to claim just call 09050002311 b4280703. T&Cs/stop SMS 08718727868. Over 18 only 150ppm
ham	Beautiful Truth against Gravity.. Read carefully: "Our heart feels light when someone is in it.. But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it.." GOOD NIGHT
ham	Sorry im getting up now, feel really bad- totally rejected that kinda me thing.
ham	You do got a shitload of diamonds though
ham	Tessy..pls do me a favor. Pls convey my birthday wishes to Nimya..pls dnt forget it. Today is her birthday Shijas
ham	Well I'm going to be an aunty!
ham	Mine here like all fr china then so noisy.
ham	Later i guess. I needa do mcat study too.
ham	S...from the training manual it show there is no tech process:)its all about password reset and troubleshooting:)
spam	Your B4U voucher w/c 27/03 is MARSMS. Log onto www.B4Utele.com for discount credit. To opt out reply stop. Customer care call 08717168528
ham	Spoke with uncle john today. He strongly feels that you need to sacrifice to keep me here. He's going to call you. When he does, i beg you to just listen. Dont make any promises or make it clear things are not easy. And i need you to please let us work things out. As long as i keep expecting help, my creativity will be stifled so pls just keep him happy, no promises on your part.
ham	If he started searching he will get job in few days.he have great potential and talent.
ham	Carlos took a while (again), we leave in a minute
ham	Well done and ! luv ya all 
ham	Then why you came to hostel.
ham	K still are you loving me.
ham	But i juz remembered i gotta bathe my dog today..
ham	After the drug she will be able to eat.
ham	Alright took the morphine. Back in yo.
ham	You see the requirements please
ham	You stayin out of trouble stranger!!saw Dave the other day hes sorted now!still with me bloke when u gona get a girl MR!ur mum still Thinks we will get 2GETHA! 
spam	FreeMsg: Hey - I'm Buffy. 25 and love to satisfy men. Home alone feeling randy. Reply 2 C my PIX! QlynnBV Help08700621170150p a msg Send stop to stop txts
spam	Sunshine Hols. To claim ur med holiday send a stamped self address envelope to Drinks on Us UK, PO Box 113, Bray, Wicklow, Eire. Quiz Starts Saturday! Unsub Stop
ham	So can collect ur laptop?
ham	Ok. Can be later showing around 8-8:30 if you want + cld have drink before. Wld prefer not to spend money on nosh if you don't mind, as doing that nxt wk.
ham	I will once i get home
ham	Waaaat?? Lololo ok next time then!
ham	The table's occupied, I'm waiting by the tree
ham	I surely dont forgot to come:)i will always be in touch in with you:-)
ham	Hi kindly give us back our documents which we submitted for loan from STAPATI
ham	I dont have i shall buy one dear
ham	Oh god i am happy to see your message after 3 days
ham	What year. And how many miles.
ham	Hey cutie. How goes it? Here in WALES its kinda ok. There is like hills and shit but i still avent killed myself. 
ham	Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish. As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there. She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife, My Parents, My Kidz, My Friends n My Colleagues. All screaming.. SURPRISE !! and I was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' NAKED...!
ham	I think you should go the honesty road. Call the bank tomorrow. Its the tough decisions that make us great people.
spam	FREE for 1st week! No1 Nokia tone 4 ur mob every week just txt NOKIA to 87077 Get txting and tell ur mates. zed POBox 36504 W45WQ norm150p/tone 16+
ham	No. Its not specialisation. Can work but its slave labor. Will look for it this month sha cos no shakara 4 beggar.
ham	Is she replying. Has boye changed his phone number
ham	1) Go to write msg 2) Put on Dictionary mode 3)Cover the screen with hand, 4)Press  &lt;#&gt; . 5)Gently remove Ur hand.. Its interesting..:)
ham	hi my darlin im on my way to London and we have just been smashed into by another driver! and have a big dent! im really missing u what have u been up to? xxx
ham	Nothing really, just making sure everybody's up to speed
ham	I'm not coming home 4 dinner.
ham	Thank you. And by the way, I just lost.
ham	Yes.he have good crickiting mind
ham	Thx. All will be well in a few months
spam	Shop till u Drop, IS IT YOU, either 10K, 5K, £500 Cash or £100 Travel voucher, Call now, 09064011000. NTT PO Box CR01327BT fixedline Cost 150ppm mobile vary
ham	"CAN I PLEASE COME UP NOW IMIN TOWN.DONTMATTER IF URGOIN OUTL8R,JUST REALLYNEED 2DOCD.PLEASE DONTPLEASE DONTIGNORE MYCALLS,U NO THECD ISV.IMPORTANT TOME 4 2MORO"
ham	I wont. So wat's wit the guys
ham	Yavnt tried yet and never played original either
ham	Hiya, had a good day? Have you spoken to since the weekend?
ham	See? I thought it all through
ham	I'm at work. Please call
ham	get ready to moan and scream :)
ham	Oh k :)why you got job then whats up?
ham	I don,t think so. You don't need to be going out that late on a school night. ESPECIALLY when the one class you have is the one you missed last wednesday and probably failed a test in on friday
ham	And popping &lt;#&gt; ibuprofens was no help.
ham	Babe ! How goes that day ? What are you doing ? Where are you ? I sip my cappuccino and think of you, my love ... I send a kiss to you from across the sea
ham	Ok.
ham	PS U no ur a grown up now right?
ham	Chinatown got porridge, claypot rice, yam cake, fishhead beehoon... Either we eat cheap den go cafe n tok or go nydc or somethin...
ham	I know a few people I can hit up and fuck to the yes
ham	Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng
ham	So is there anything specific I should be doing with regards to jaklin or what because idk what the fuck
ham	Oh god. I'm gonna Google nearby cliffs now.
spam	FREE camera phones with linerental from 4.49/month with 750 cross ntwk mins. 1/2 price txt bundle deals also avble. Call 08001950382 or call2optout/J MF
ham	Yup i shd haf ard 10 pages if i add figures... Ü all got how many pages?
ham	Ooh, 4got, i'm gonna start belly dancing in moseley weds 6.30 if u want 2 join me, they have a cafe too. 
ham	Thankyou so much for the call. I appreciate your care.
ham	Congrats ! Treat pending.i am not on mail for 2 days.will mail once thru.Respect mother at home.check mails.
ham	I called but no one pick up e phone. I ask both of them already they said ok.
ham	Hi my email address has changed now it is 
ham	V-aluable. A-ffectionate. L-oveable. E-ternal. N-oble. T-ruthful. I-ntimate. N-atural. E-namous. Happy "VALENTINES DAY" in advance
ham	Not much, just some textin'. How bout you?
ham	Bring it if you got it
ham	I'm in a movie. Call me 4 wat?
ham	Not sure I have the stomach for it ...
ham	Haha... can... But i'm having dinner with my cousin...
ham	A boy was late 2 home. His father: "POWER OF FRNDSHIP"
ham	(And my man carlos is definitely coming by mu tonight, no excuses)
ham	soon you will have the real thing princess! Do i make you wet? :)
ham	Raji..pls do me a favour. Pls convey my Birthday wishes to Nimya. Pls. Today is her birthday.
ham	Haha, my legs and neck are killing me and my amigos are hoping to end the night with a burn, think I could swing by in like an hour?
spam	URGENT! Your mobile No 07xxxxxxxxx won a £2,000 bonus caller prize on 02/06/03! this is the 2nd attempt to reach YOU! call 09066362231 ASAP! BOX97N7QP, 150PPM
ham	Usually the body takes care of it buy making sure it doesnt progress. Can we pls continue this talk on saturday.
spam	URGENT!! Your 4* Costa Del Sol Holiday or £5000 await collection. Call 09050090044 Now toClaim. SAE, TC s, POBox334, Stockport, SK38xh, Cost£1.50/pm, Max10mins
ham	Hmm well, night night 
ham	Just wanted to say holy shit you guys weren't kidding about this bud
ham	Just gettin a bit arty with my collages at the mo, well tryin 2 ne way! Got a roast in a min lovely i shall enjoy that!
ham	This is one of the days you have a billion classes, right?
ham	Goodmorning, today i am late for 2hrs. Because of back pain.
ham	Ok then i'll let him noe later n ask him call u tmr...
ham	Prabha..i'm soryda..realy..frm heart i'm sory
ham	OK i'm waliking ard now... Do u wan me 2 buy anything go ur house?
ham	* Will have two more cartons off u and is very pleased with shelves
ham	Nice talking to you! please dont forget my pix :) i want to see all of you...
spam	You have WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or a £2000 prize. To claim yr prize call our customer service representative on 08714712379 between 10am-7pm Cost 10p
ham	But really quite funny lor wat... Then u shd haf run shorter distance wat...
ham	I notice you like looking in the shit mirror youre turning into a right freak
ham	Great. I was getting worried about you. Just know that a wonderful and caring person like you will have only the best in life. Know that u r wonderful and God's love is yours.
spam	Thanks for your ringtone order, ref number K718. Your mobile will be charged £4.50. Should your tone not arrive please call customer services on 09065069120
ham	I prefer my free days... Tues, wed, fri oso can... Ü ask those workin lor...
ham	Alrite jod hows the revision goin? Keris bin doin a smidgin. N e way u wanna cum over after college?xx
ham	If you have belive me. Come to my home.
ham	Oh k.k..where did you take test?
ham	Those were my exact intentions
ham	haha but no money leh... Later got to go for tuition... Haha and looking for empty slots for driving lessons
ham	Hey... Thk we juz go accordin to wat we discussed yest lor, except no kb on sun... Cos there's nt much lesson to go if we attend kb on sat...
ham	K, wen ur free come to my home and also tel vikky i hav sent mail to him also.. Better come evening il be free today aftr 6pm..:-)
ham	Nothing just getting msgs by dis name wit different no's..
ham	Good Morning plz call me sir
ham	What's your room number again? Wanna make sure I'm knocking on the right door
ham	"Si.como no?!listened2the plaid album-quite gd&the new air1 which is hilarious-also boughtbraindancea comp.ofstuff on aphexs ;abel,u hav2hear it!c u sn xxxx"
ham	Pls tell nelson that the bb's are no longer comin. The money i was expecting aint coming
ham	Give her something to drink, if she takes it and doesn't vomit then you her temp might drop. If she unmits however let me know.
ham	Think you sent the text to the home phone. That cant display texts. If you still want to send it his number is
ham	Every day i use to sleep after  &lt;#&gt;  so only.
ham	K I'll call you when I'm close
ham	U buy newspapers already?
ham	Nope wif my sis lor... Aft bathing my dog then i can bathe... Looks like it's going 2 rain soon.
ham	Boo I'm on my way to my moms. She's making tortilla soup. Yummmm
ham	No management puzzeles.
ham	How did you find out in a way that didn't include all of these details
spam	Hi ya babe x u 4goten bout me?' scammers getting smart..Though this is a regular vodafone no, if you respond you get further prem rate msg/subscription. Other nos used also. Beware!
spam	Back 2 work 2morro half term over! Can U C me 2nite 4 some sexy passion B4 I have 2 go back? Chat NOW 09099726481 Luv DENA Calls £1/minMobsmoreLKPOBOX177HP51FL
ham	will you like to be spoiled? :)
spam	Thanks for your ringtone order, ref number R836. Your mobile will be charged £4.50. Should your tone not arrive please call customer services on 09065069154
ham	I am getting threats from your sales executive Shifad as i raised complaint against him. Its an official message.
ham	hope things went well at 'doctors' ;) reminds me i still need 2go.did u c d little thing i left in the lounge?
ham	Den wat will e schedule b lk on sun?
ham	Lol enjoy role playing much?
ham	Ok. Me watching tv too.
ham	I just lov this line: "Hurt me with the truth, I don't mind,i wil tolerat.bcs ur my someone..... But, Never comfort me with a lie" gud ni8 and sweet dreams
ham	Just checked out, heading out to drop off my stuff now
ham	Here got lots of hair dresser fr china.
ham	Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish.
ham	Ill call you evening ill some ideas.
spam	SplashMobile: Choose from 1000s of gr8 tones each wk! This is a subscrition service with weekly tones costing 300p. U have one credit - kick back and ENJOY
ham	Did you show him and wot did he say or could u not c him 4 dust?
ham	It should take about  &lt;#&gt;  min
spam	Not heard from U4 a while. Call 4 rude chat private line 01223585334 to cum. Wan 2C pics of me gettin shagged then text PIX to 8552. 2End send STOP 8552 SAM xxx
ham	Ok . . now i am in bus. . If i come soon i will come otherwise tomorrow
ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
spam	<Forwarded from 88877>FREE entry into our £250 weekly comp just send the word ENTER to 88877 NOW. 18 T&C www.textcomp.com
ham	Finish liao... U?
spam	88066 FROM 88066 LOST 3POUND HELP
ham	Haha i think i did too
ham	U know we watchin at lido?
ham	Life spend with someone for a lifetime may be meaningless but a few moments spent with someone who really love you means more than life itself..
ham	Haha awesome, I've been to 4u a couple times. Who all's coming?
ham	Cold. Dont be sad dear
ham	Think I could stop by in like an hour or so? My roommate's looking to stock up for a trip
ham	Is that on the telly? No its Brdget Jones!
ham	Love you aathi..love u lot..
ham	Hello! How r u? Im bored. Inever thought id get bored with the tv but I am. Tell me something exciting has happened there? Anything! =/
ham	Hmm...Bad news...Hype park plaza $700 studio taken...Only left 2 bedrm-$900...
ham	Sorry, I'll call later in meeting
ham	R ü comin back for dinner?
ham	I hav almost reached. Call, i m unable to connect u.
ham	Whom you waited for yesterday
ham	I reach home safe n sound liao...
ham	Velly good, yes please!
ham	Hi, wkend ok but journey terrible. Wk not good as have huge back log of marking to do
ham	I have had two more letters from . I will copy them for you cos one has a message for you. Speak soon
ham	Alex knows a guy who sells mids but he's down in south tampa and I don't think I could set it up before like 8
ham	Dont you have message offer
spam	Had your mobile 11mths ? Update for FREE to Oranges latest colour camera mobiles & unlimited weekend calls. Call Mobile Upd8 on freefone 08000839402 or 2StopTx
ham	HEY THERE BABE, HOW U DOIN? WOT U UP 2 2NITE LOVE ANNIE X.
ham	Remind me how to get there and I shall do so
ham	:-( that's not v romantic!
ham	Hello. Damn this christmas thing. I think i have decided to keep this mp3 that doesnt work.
spam	You have 1 new message. Please call 08718738034.
ham	HI DARLIN IM MISSIN U HOPE YOU ARE HAVING A GOOD TIME. WHEN ARE U BACK AND WHAT TIME IF U CAN GIVE ME A CALL AT HOME. JESS XX
spam	<Forwarded from 21870000>Hi - this is your Mailbox Messaging SMS alert. You have 4 messages. You have 21 matches. Please call back on 09056242159 to retrieve your messages and matches
ham	Draw va?i dont think so:)
ham	Dont pick up d call when something important is There to tell. Hrishi
spam	Congrats! 1 year special cinema pass for 2 is yours. call 09061209465 now! C Suprman V, Matrix3, StarWars3, etc all 4 FREE! bx420-ip4-5we. 150pm. Dont miss out!
ham	Nothin comes to my mind. Ü help me buy hanger lor. Ur laptop not heavy?
ham	&lt;#&gt; , that's all? Guess that's easy enough
ham	We can make a baby in yo tho
ham	Should I tell my friend not to come round til like  &lt;#&gt; ish?
ham	Friendship poem: Dear O Dear U R Not Near But I Can Hear Dont Get Fear Live With Cheer No More Tear U R Always my Dear. Gud ni8
ham	Still in the area of the restaurant. Ill try to come back soon
ham	Aight that'll work, thanks
spam	WIN a year supply of CDs 4 a store of ur choice worth £500 & enter our £100 Weekly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 Ts&Cs www.Ldew.com.subs16+1win150ppmx3
spam	Moby Pub Quiz.Win a £100 High Street prize if u know who the new Duchess of Cornwall will be? Txt her first name to 82277.unsub STOP £1.50 008704050406 SP Arrow
ham	I have 2 sleeping bags, 1 blanket and paper and  phone details. Anything else?
spam	You have won a Nokia 7250i. This is what you get when you win our FREE auction. To take part send Nokia to 86021 now. HG/Suite342/2Lands Row/W1JHL 16+ 
spam	Congratulations! Thanks to a good friend U have WON the £2,000 Xmas prize. 2 claim is easy, just call 08718726971 NOW! Only 10p per minute. BT-national-rate.
spam	tddnewsletter@emc1.co.uk (More games from TheDailyDraw) Dear Helen, Dozens of Free Games - with great prizesWith..
ham	So what do you guys do.
ham	Also that chat was awesome but don't make it regular unless you can see her in person
ham	That's significant but dont worry.
ham	That's cause your old. I live to be high.
ham	Waqt se pehle or naseeb se zyada kisi ko kuch nahi milta,Zindgi wo nahi he jo hum sochte hai Zindgi wo hai jo ham jeetey hai..........
ham	On the way to office da..
ham	In which place do you want da.
ham	This pain couldn't have come at a worse time.
ham	Ok...
ham	Should I be stalking u?
ham	Sorry dude. Dont know how i forgot. Even after Dan reminded me. Sorry. Hope you guys had fun.
ham	Ok lor.
ham	Apps class varaya elaya.
ham	The Xmas story is peace.. The Xmas msg is love.. The Xmas miracle is jesus.. Hav a blessed month ahead &amp; wish U Merry Xmas...
spam	URGENT! Your mobile number *************** WON a £2000 Bonus Caller prize on 10/06/03! This is the 2nd attempt to reach you! Call 09066368753 ASAP! Box 97N7QP, 150ppm
ham	That day you asked about anand number. Why:-)
ham	Am surfing online store. For offers do you want to buy any thing.
ham	Long beach lor. Expected... U having dinner now?
ham	At home by the way
ham	We are both fine. Thanks
ham	What happen to her tell the truth
ham	Do you like Italian food?
ham	Which is weird because I know I had it at one point
ham	"Aww you must be nearly dead!Well Jez isComing over toDo some workAnd that whillTake forever!"
ham	Tell your friends what you plan to do on Valentines day @ &lt;URL&gt;
ham	Alright, see you in a bit
ham	Cheers for the message Zogtorius. Ive been staring at my phone for an age deciding whether to text or not.
ham	I will take care of financial problem.i will help:)
ham	Tell dear what happen to you. Why you talking to me like an alian
spam	Double your mins & txts on Orange or 1/2 price linerental - Motorola and SonyEricsson with B/Tooth FREE-Nokia FREE Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or2optout/HV9D
ham	1) Go to write msg 2) Put on Dictionary mode 3)Cover the screen with hand, 4)Press  &lt;#&gt; . 5)Gently remove Ur hand.. Its interesting..:)
ham	Okie...
ham	Hi this is yijue, can i meet u at 11 tmr?
ham	Its posible dnt live in  &lt;#&gt; century cm frwd n thnk different
ham	But i dint slept in afternoon.
ham	That seems unnecessarily affectionate
ham	Yar else i'll thk of all sorts of funny things.
ham	You will be in the place of that man
spam	Download as many ringtones as u like no restrictions, 1000s 2 choose. U can even send 2 yr buddys. Txt Sir to 80082 £3 
ham	Thats cool. How was your day?
spam	Please CALL 08712402902 immediately as there is an urgent message waiting for you.
ham	R we going with the  &lt;#&gt;  bus?
ham	Hello, my love ! How went your day ? Are you alright ? I think of you, my sweet and send a jolt to your heart to remind you ... I LOVE YOU! Can you hear it ? I screamed it across the sea for all the world to hear. Ahmad al Hallaq is loved ! and owned ! *possessive passionate kiss*
ham	No..he joined today itself.
ham	Okay same with me. Well thanks for the clarification
ham	I'll talk to the others and probably just come early tomorrow then
spam	Spook up your mob with a Halloween collection of a logo & pic message plus a free eerie tone, txt CARD SPOOK to 8007 zed 08701417012150p per logo/pic
ham	Had the money issue weigh me down but thanks to you, I can breathe easier now. I.ll make sure you dont regret it. Thanks.
ham	Hi. I'm sorry i missed your call. Can you pls call back.
ham	How are you doing? Hope you've settled in for the new school year. Just wishin you a gr8 day
spam	Fantasy Football is back on your TV. Go to Sky Gamestar on Sky Active and play £250k Dream Team. Scoring starts on Saturday, so register now!SKY OPT OUT to 88088
ham	Ok then no need to tell me anything i am going to sleep good night
ham	Ok try to do week end course in coimbatore.
spam	Tone Club: Your subs has now expired 2 re-sub reply MONOC 4 monos or POLYC 4 polys 1 weekly @ 150p per week Txt STOP 2 stop This msg free Stream 0871212025016
ham	V nice! Off 2 sheffield tom 2 air my opinions on categories 2 b used 2 measure ethnicity in next census. Busy transcribing. :-)
ham	If you r @ home then come down within 5 min
ham	A Boy loved a gal. He propsd bt she didnt mind. He gv lv lttrs, Bt her frnds threw thm. Again d boy decided 2 aproach d gal , dt time a truck was speeding towards d gal. Wn it was about 2 hit d girl,d boy ran like hell n saved her. She asked 'hw cn u run so fast?' D boy replied "Boost is d secret of my energy" n instantly d girl shouted "our energy" n Thy lived happily 2gthr drinking boost evrydy Moral of d story:- I hv free msgs:D;): gud ni8
ham	That day ü say ü cut ur hair at paragon, is it called hair sense? Do ü noe how much is a hair cut? 
ham	Hmm, too many of them unfortunately... Pics obviously arent hot cakes. Its kinda fun tho
ham	Watching tv lor... Y she so funny we bluff her 4 wat. Izzit because she thk it's impossible between us?
spam	XMAS Prize draws! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a £2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09058094565 from land line. Valid 12hrs only
ham	Dunno lei he neva say...
ham	Thanx 4 2day! U r a goodmate I THINK UR RITE SARY! ASUSUAL!1 U CHEERED ME UP! LOVE U FRANYxxxxx
ham	I'm on my way home. Went to change batt 4 my watch then go shop a bit lor.
spam	YES! The only place in town to meet exciting adult singles is now in the UK. Txt CHAT to 86688 now! 150p/Msg.
ham	Hi, Mobile no.  &lt;#&gt;  has added you in their contact list on www.fullonsms.com It s a great place to send free sms to people For more visit fullonsms.com
ham	Good evening Sir, hope you are having a nice day. I wanted to bring it to your notice that I have been late in paying rent for the past few months and have had to pay a $ &lt;#&gt;  charge. I felt it would be inconsiderate of me to nag about something you give at great cost to yourself and that's why i didnt speak up. I however am in a recession and wont be able to pay the charge this month hence my askin well ahead of month's end. Can you please help. Thank you for everything.
ham	If i let you do this, i want you in the house by 8am.
ham	Best line said in Love: . "I will wait till the day I can forget u Or The day u realize that u cannot forget me."... Gn
ham	I will reach before ten morning
ham	Your pussy is perfect!
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
spam	Someone has contacted our dating service and entered your phone becausethey fancy you! To find out who it is call from a landline 09058098002. PoBox1, W14RG 150p
ham	No message..no responce..what happend?
ham	Also where's the piece
ham	wiskey Brandy Rum Gin Beer Vodka Scotch Shampain Wine "KUDI"yarasu dhina vaazhthukkal. ..
ham	Boo. How's things? I'm back at home and a little bored already :-(
ham	First has she gained more than  &lt;#&gt; kg since she took in. Second has she done the blood sugar tests. If she has and its ok and her blood pressure is within normal limits then no worries
ham	PICK UR FONE UP NOW U DUMB?
ham	Thanks da thangam, i feel very very happy dear. I also miss you da.
ham	Okey doke. I'm at home, but not dressed cos laying around ill! Speak to you later bout times and stuff. 
ham	I don't run away frm u... I walk slowly &amp; it kills me that u don't care enough to stop me...
ham	Babe, I'm back ... Come back to me ...
ham	Well you told others you'd marry them...
ham	Neshanth..tel me who r u?
ham	YO YO YO BYATCH WHASSUP?
ham	Oh... Kay... On sat right?
ham	Hi! This is Roger from CL. How are you?
spam	Babe: U want me dont u baby! Im nasty and have a thing 4 filthyguys. Fancy a rude time with a sexy bitch. How about we go slo n hard! Txt XXX SLO(4msgs)
ham	Oh oh... Wasted... Den muz chiong on sat n sun liao...
ham	Jesus christ bitch I'm trying to give you drugs answer your fucking phone
ham	Please give it 2  or i will pick it up on Tuesday evening about 8 if that is ok.
ham	I'm meeting Darren...
ham	One of best dialogue in cute reltnship..!! "Wen i Die, Dont Come Near My Body..!! Bcoz My Hands May Not Come 2 Wipe Ur Tears Off That Time..!Gud ni8
ham	Solve d Case : A Man Was Found Murdered On  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . &lt;#&gt;  AfterNoon. 1,His wife called Police. 2,Police questioned everyone. 3,Wife: Sir,I was sleeping, when the murder took place. 4.Cook: I was cooking. 5.Gardener: I was picking vegetables. 6.House-Maid: I went 2 d post office. 7.Children: We went 2 play. 8.Neighbour: We went 2 a marriage. Police arrested d murderer Immediately. Who's It? Reply With Reason, If U r Brilliant.
ham	Dear where you will be when i reach there
ham	Aww that's the first time u said u missed me without asking if I missed u first. You DO love me! :)
ham	Ok... Thanx... Gd nite 2 ü too...
ham	Come to me right now, Ahmad
spam	I don't know u and u don't know me. Send CHAT to 86688 now and let's find each other! Only 150p/Msg rcvd. HG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL LDN. 18 years or over.
ham	Lol please do. Actually send a pic of yourself right now. I wanna see. Pose with a comb and hair dryer or something.
ham	O was not into fps then.
ham	Huh means computational science... Y they like dat one push here n there...
ham	Could you not read me, my Love ? I answered you
ham	Oh... Lk tt den we take e one tt ends at cine lor... Dun wan yogasana oso can... 
ham	Madam,regret disturbance.might receive a reference check from DLF Premarica.kindly be informed.Rgds,Rakhesh,Kerala.
spam	SMS SERVICES For your inclusive text credits pls gotto www.comuk.net login 3qxj9 unsubscribe with STOP no extra charge help 08702840625 comuk.220cm2 9AE
ham	Oic... Then better quickly go bathe n settle down...
ham	Err... Cud do. I'm going to  at 8pm. I haven't got a way to contact him until then.
ham	A bloo bloo bloo I'll miss the first bowl
ham	Lmao but its so fun...
ham	Oh k k:)but he is not a big hitter.anyway good
ham	Hey!!! I almost forgot ... Happy B-day babe ! I love ya!!
spam	Valentines Day Special! Win over £1000 in our quiz and take your partner on the trip of a lifetime! Send GO to 83600 now. 150p/msg rcvd. CustCare:08718720201
ham	Do you think i can move  &lt;#&gt;  in a week
ham	She.s find. I sent you an offline message to know how anjola's now.
spam	Guess who am I?This is the first time I created a web page WWW.ASJESUS.COM read all I wrote. I'm waiting for your opinions. I want to be your friend 1/1
ham	How was txting and driving
ham	That's good. Lets thank God. Please complete the drug. Have lots of water. And have a beautiful day.
ham	Really dun bluff me leh... U sleep early too. Nite...
ham	Indians r poor but India is not a poor country. Says one of the swiss bank directors. He says that " &lt;#&gt;  lac crore" of Indian money is deposited in swiss banks which can be used for 'taxless' budget for  &lt;#&gt;  yrs. Can give  &lt;#&gt;  crore jobs to all Indians. From any village to Delhi 4 lane roads. Forever free power suply to more than  &lt;#&gt;  social projects. Every citizen can get monthly  &lt;#&gt; /- for  &lt;#&gt;  yrs. No need of World Bank &amp; IMF loan. Think how our money is blocked by rich politicians. We have full rights against corrupt politicians. Itna forward karo ki pura INDIA padhe.g.m."
ham	Uncle boye. I need movies oh. Guide me. Plus you know torrents are not particularly legal here. And the system is slowing down. What should i do. Have a gr8 day. Plus have you started cos i dont meet you online. How was the honey moon.
ham	Oh ya ya. I remember da. .
ham	Btw regarding that we should really try to see if anyone else can be our 4th guy before we commit to a random dude
spam	For ur chance to win £250 cash every wk TXT: PLAY to 83370. T's&C's www.music-trivia.net custcare 08715705022, 1x150p/wk.
ham	I not busy juz dun wan 2 go so early.. Hee.. 
ham	Rightio. 11.48 it is then. Well arent we all up bright and early this morning.
ham	Great. I'm in church now, will holla when i get out
ham	Back in brum! Thanks for putting us up and keeping us all and happy. See you soon 
ham	I donno if they are scorable
ham	&lt;#&gt;  great loxahatchee xmas tree burning update: you can totally see stars here
ham	Yes but i dont care! I need you bad, princess!
ham	The guy (kadeem) hasn't been selling since the break, I know one other guy but he's paranoid as fuck and doesn't like selling without me there and I can't be up there til late tonight
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	Tmr then ü brin lar... Aiya later i come n c lar... Mayb ü neva set properly ü got da help sheet wif ü...
ham	Do u knw dis no. &lt;#&gt; ?
ham	Then she dun believe wat?
ham	K..give back my thanks.
ham	I know complain num only..bettr directly go to bsnl offc nd apply for it..
ham	Okay. I've seen it. So i should pick it on friday?
ham	How much she payed. Suganya.
ham	Left dessert. U wan me 2 go suntec look 4 u?
ham	Abeg, make profit. But its a start. Are you using it to get sponsors for the next event?
ham	Onum ela pa. Normal than.
ham	K.k..how is your sister kids?
ham	Cool, I'll text you when I'm on the way
ham	Nope. Meanwhile she talk say make i greet you.
ham	i cant talk to you now.i will call when i can.dont keep calling.
ham	Anything lar...
ham	Rose needs water, season needs change, poet needs imagination..My phone needs ur sms and i need ur lovely frndship forever....
ham	Good afternoon, babe. How goes that day ? Any job prospects yet ? I miss you, my love ... *sighs* ... :-(
ham	They will pick up and drop in car.so no problem..
ham	S.i think he is waste for rr..
ham	He is world famamus....
ham	Is there coming friday is leave for pongal?do you get any news from your work place.
ham	Lol well don't do it without me. We could have a big sale together.
ham	* Am on my way
ham	Eat at old airport road... But now 630 oredi... Got a lot of pple...
ham	sry can't talk on phone, with parents
spam	Final Chance! Claim ur £150 worth of discount vouchers today! Text YES to 85023 now! SavaMob, member offers mobile! T Cs SavaMob POBOX84, M263UZ. £3.00 Subs 16
ham	Ok lor wat time ü finish?
ham	Princess, i like to make love  &lt;#&gt;  times per night. Hope thats not a problem!
ham	Mm i am on the way to railway
ham	i dnt wnt to tlk wid u
ham	I'm done. I'm sorry. I hope your next space gives you everything you want. Remember all the furniture is yours. If i'm not around when you move it, just lock all the locks and leave the key with jenne.
ham	Not yet. Just i'd like to keep in touch and it will be the easiest way to do that from barcelona. By the way how ru and how is the house?
spam	Sppok up ur mob with a Halloween collection of nokia logo&pic message plus a FREE eerie tone, txt CARD SPOOK to 8007
spam	Urgent! call 09066612661 from landline. Your complementary 4* Tenerife Holiday or £10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs PO Box 3 WA14 2PX 150ppm 18+ Sender: Hol Offer
ham	K.:)do it at evening da:)urgent:)
ham	Pansy! You've been living in a jungle for two years! Its my driving you should be more worried about!
ham	Mm have some kanji dont eat anything heavy ok
ham	Only if you promise your getting out as SOON as you can. And you'll text me in the morning to let me know you made it in ok.
ham	Lol that's different. I don't go trying to find every real life photo you ever took.
ham	I dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
ham	K ill drink.pa then what doing. I need srs model pls send it to my mail id pa.
ham	Aiyah e rain like quite big leh. If drizzling i can at least run home.
ham	I have 2 docs appointments next week.:/ I'm tired of them shoving stuff up me. Ugh why couldn't I have had a normal body?
ham	Dun b sad.. It's over.. Dun thk abt it already. Concentrate on ur other papers k.
ham	Greetings me, ! Consider yourself excused.
ham	No drama Pls.i have had enough from you and family while i am struggling in the hot sun in a strange place.No reason why there should be an ego of not going 'IF NOT INVITED' when actually its necessity to go.wait for very serious reppurcussions.
ham	they released another Italian one today and it has a cosign option
ham	You at mu? You should try to figure out how much money everyone has for gas and alcohol, jay and I are trying to figure out our weed budget
spam	WINNER! As a valued network customer you hvae been selected to receive a £900 reward! To collect call 09061701444. Valid 24 hours only. ACL03530150PM
ham	HCL chennai requires FRESHERS for voice process.Excellent english needed.Salary upto  &lt;#&gt; .Call Ms.Suman  &lt;#&gt;  for Telephonic interview -via Indyarocks.com
ham	Dai what this da.. Can i send my resume to this id.
ham	I know where the  &lt;#&gt;  is, I'll be there around 5
ham	Yup i've finished c ü there...
ham	Remember to ask alex about his pizza
ham	No da..today also i forgot..
ham	Ola would get back to you maybe not today but I ve told him you can be his direct link in the US in getting cars he bids for online, you arrange shipping and you get a cut. Or U????? For a partnership where U????? Invest money for shipping and he takes care of the rest!U??Wud b self reliant soon dnt worry
ham	Fwiw the reason I'm only around when it's time to smoke is that because of gas I can only afford to be around when someone tells me to be and that apparently only happens when somebody wants to light up
ham	Hello, my boytoy! I made it home and my constant thought is of you, my love. I hope your having a nice visit but I can't wait till you come home to me ...*kiss*
ham	Congrats kano..whr s the treat maga?
ham	Who u talking about?
ham	Yup...
ham	Ok...
ham	U wake up already? Wat u doing? U picking us up later rite? I'm taking sq825, reaching ard 7 smth 8 like dat. U can check e arrival time. C ya soon...
ham	Yunny i'm walking in citylink now ü faster come down... Me very hungry...
ham	Er yep sure. Props?
ham	Hiya , have u been paying money into my account? If so, thanks. Got a pleasant surprise when i checked my balance -u c, i don't get statements 4 that acc
spam	U have won a nokia 6230 plus a free digital camera. This is what u get when u win our FREE auction. To take part send NOKIA to 83383 now. POBOX114/14TCR/W1 16
ham	Ok ill send you with in  &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  ok.
ham	Bognor it is! Should be splendid at this time of year.
ham	Yes.i'm in office da:)
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	Joy's father is John. Then John is the NAME of Joy's father. Mandan
ham	Ok. I only ask abt e movie. U wan ktv oso?
ham	Misplaced your number and was sending texts to your old number. Wondering why i've not heard from you this year. All the best in your mcat. Got this number from my atlanta friends
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	Dunno lei... I might b eatin wif my frens... If ü wan to eat then i wait 4 ü lar
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
spam	FREE entry into our £250 weekly comp just send the word WIN to 80086 NOW. 18 T&C www.txttowin.co.uk
ham	Say this slowly.? GOD,I LOVE YOU &amp; I NEED YOU,CLEAN MY HEART WITH YOUR BLOOD.Send this to Ten special people &amp; u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it...
ham	Do u noe how 2 send files between 2 computers?
ham	Mmmmm ... I loved waking to your words this morning ! I miss you too, my Love. I hope your day goes well and you are happy. I wait for us to be together again
ham	jay says he'll put in  &lt;#&gt;
ham	Can you just come in for a sec? There's somebody here I want you to see
ham	So the sun is anti sleep medicine.
ham	What's happening with you. Have you gotten a job and have you begun registration for permanent residency
ham	Yup ok...
ham	Glad it went well :) come over at 11 then we'll have plenty of time before claire goes to work.
ham	Ok enjoy . R u there in home.
ham	Can you pls pls send me a mail on all you know about relatives coming to deliver here? All you know about costs, risks, benefits and anything else. Thanks.
ham	You do what all you like
ham	That's y we haf to combine n c how lor...
ham	The monthly amount is not that terrible and you will not pay anything till 6months after finishing school.
ham	Hmmm:)how many players selected?
ham	They said if its gonna snow, it will start around 8 or 9 pm tonite! They are predicting an inch of accumulation.
ham	I dont. Can you send it to me. Plus how's mode.
ham	Aiyo please ü got time meh.
ham	Package all your programs well
ham	She is our sister.. She belongs 2 our family.. She is d hope of tomorrow.. Pray 4 her,who was fated 4 d Shoranur train incident. Lets hold our hands together &amp; fuelled by love &amp; concern prior 2 her grief &amp; pain. Pls join in dis chain &amp; pass it. STOP VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN.
ham	So are you guys asking that i get that slippers again or its gone with last year
ham	Company is very good.environment is terrific and food is really nice:)
spam	Text82228>> Get more ringtones, logos and games from www.txt82228.com. Questions: info@txt82228.co.uk
ham	Honestly i've just made a lovely cup of tea and promptly dropped my keys in it and then burnt my fingers getting them out!
ham	Yup but not studying surfing lor. I'm in e lazy mode today.
ham	Please sen :)my kind advice :-)please come here and try:-)
ham	I'm done. C ü there.
ham	Oh fine, I'll be by tonight
ham	Ü give me some time to walk there.
ham	I'll reach in ard 20 mins ok...
spam	FreeMSG You have been awarded a FREE mini DIGITAL CAMERA, just reply SNAP to collect your prize! (quizclub Opt out? Stop 80122300p/wk SP:RWM Ph:08704050406)
ham	Fuck babe ... What happened to you ? How come you never came back?
spam	This message is brought to you by GMW Ltd. and is not connected to the
ham	Some friends want me to drive em someplace, probably take a while
ham	I also thk too fast... Xy suggest one not me. U dun wan it's ok. Going 2 rain leh where got gd.
ham	Are you still getting the goods.
ham	And maybe some pressies
ham	Yeah I am, so I'll leave maybe 7ish?
ham	K..k..i'm also fine:)when will you complete the course?
ham	Under the sea, there lays a rock. In the rock, there is an envelope. In the envelope, there is a paper. On the paper, there are 3 words... '
ham	I told her I had a Dr appt next week. She thinks I'm gonna die. I told her its just a check. Nothing to be worried about. But she didn't listen.
ham	You in your room? I need a few
ham	I dont want to hear anything
ham	Hey. For me there is no leave on friday. Wait i will ask my superior and tell you..
ham	Ultimately tor motive tui achieve korli.
ham	From 5 to 2 only my work timing.
ham	… and don‘t worry we‘ll have finished by march … ish!
ham	The house is on the water with a dock, a boat rolled up with a newscaster who dabbles in jazz flute behind the wheel
spam	Congrats 2 mobile 3G Videophones R yours. call 09063458130 now! videochat wid ur mates, play java games, Dload polypH music, noline rentl. bx420. ip4. 5we. 150p
spam	Your next amazing xxx PICSFREE1 video will be sent to you enjoy! If one vid is not enough for 2day text back the keyword PICSFREE1 to get the next video.
ham	Now thats going to ruin your thesis!
ham	In sch but neva mind u eat 1st lor..
ham	Hey whats up? U sleeping all morning?
ham	Erm. I thought the contract ran out the4th of october.
ham	I dunno until when... Lets go learn pilates...
spam	U are subscribed to the best Mobile Content Service in the UK for £3 per ten days until you send STOP to 83435. Helpline 08706091795.
ham	Yup i'm elaborating on the safety aspects and some other issues..
spam	3 FREE TAROT TEXTS! Find out about your love life now! TRY 3 FOR FREE! Text CHANCE to 85555 16 only! After 3 Free, Msgs £1.50 each
ham	Goodmorning, today i am late for 1hr.
ham	Hi happy birthday. Hi hi hi hi hi hi hi
ham	I will be outside office take all from there
ham	If you don't respond imma assume you're still asleep and imma start calling n shit
ham	Aight, see you in a bit
ham	My superior telling that friday is leave for all other department except ours:)so it will be leave for you:)any way call waheed fathima hr and conform it:)
spam	Join the UK's horniest Dogging service and u can have sex 2nite!. Just sign up and follow the instructions. Txt ENTRY to 69888 now! Nyt.EC2A.3LP.msg@150p
ham	Lol I have to take it. member how I said my aunt flow didn't visit for 6 months? It's cause I developed ovarian cysts. Bc is the only way to shrink them.
ham	Still work going on:)it is very small house.
ham	My friend just got here and says he's upping his order by a few grams (he's got $ &lt;#&gt; ), when can you get here?
ham	Tmr timin still da same wat cos i got lesson until 6...
ham	That‘s the thing with apes, u can fight to the death to keep something, but the minute they have it when u let go, thats it!
spam	Sunshine Quiz Wkly Q! Win a top Sony DVD player if u know which country Liverpool played in mid week? Txt ansr to 82277. £1.50 SP:Tyrone
ham	No i'm not gonna be able to. || too late notice. || i'll be home in a few weeks anyway. || what are the plans
ham	Got fujitsu, ibm, hp, toshiba... Got a lot of model how to say...
ham	Okie... Thanx...
ham	Gosh that , what a pain. Spose I better come then.
ham	As usual..iam fine, happy &amp; doing well..:)
ham	Okie
ham	So when you gonna get rimac access 
ham	"Im at arestaurant eating squid! i will be out about 10:30 wanna dosomething or is that to late?"
ham	You call times job today ok umma and ask them to speed up
ham	"HELLO U.CALL WEN U FINISH WRK.I FANCY MEETIN UP WIV U ALL TONITE AS I NEED A BREAK FROM DABOOKS. DID 4 HRS LAST NITE+2 TODAY OF WRK!"
ham	R U &SAM P IN EACHOTHER. IF WE MEET WE CAN GO 2 MY HOUSE
ham	:-) yeah! Lol. Luckily i didn't have a starring role like you!
ham	Hello madam how are you ?
ham	Awesome, text me when you're restocked
ham	As usual..iam fine, happy &amp; doing well..:)
spam	Knock Knock Txt whose there to 80082 to enter r weekly draw 4 a £250 gift voucher 4 a store of yr choice. T&Cs www.tkls.com age16 to stoptxtstop£1.50/week
ham	Yes. It's all innocent fun. O:-)
ham	Thanks for sending this mental ability question..
ham	Sir, hope your day is going smoothly. i really hoped i wont have to bother you about this. I have some bills that i can't settle this month. I am out of all extra cash. I know this is a challenging time for you also but i have to let you know.
ham	2marrow only. Wed at  &lt;#&gt;  to 2 aha.
ham	I went to ur hon lab but no one is there.
ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham	Hey pple...$700 or $900 for 5 nights...Excellent location wif breakfast hamper!!!
spam	<Forwarded from 21870000>Hi - this is your Mailbox Messaging SMS alert. You have 40 matches. Please call back on 09056242159 to retrieve your messages and matches cc100p/min
ham	How come?
ham	Lol! Nah wasn't too bad thanks. Its good to b home but its been quite a reality check. Hows ur day been? Did u do anything with website?
ham	Ok lor...
ham	I'm coming home 4 dinner.
ham	S da..al r above  &lt;#&gt;
spam	FREE RING TONE just text "POLYS" to 87131. Then every week get a new tone. 0870737910216yrs only £1.50/wk.
ham	Unni thank you dear for the recharge..Rakhesh
ham	I know I'm lacking on most of this particular dramastorm's details but for the most part I'm not worried about that
ham	Haha... They cant what... At the most tmr forfeit... haha so how?
ham	Hey there! Glad u r better now. I hear u treated urself to a digi cam, is it good? We r off at 9pm. Have a fab new year, c u in coupla wks!
ham	No way I'm going back there!
spam	URGENT! Your mobile No 077xxx WON a £2,000 Bonus Caller Prize on 02/06/03! This is the 2nd attempt to reach YOU! Call 09066362206 ASAP! BOX97N7QP, 150ppm
ham	I WILL CAL YOU SIR. In meeting
ham	That's what I love to hear :V see you sundayish, then
ham	Sorry da thangam, very very sorry i am held up with prasad.
ham	Tiwary to rcb.battle between bang and kochi.
ham	Thank god they are in bed!
ham	No I don't have cancer. Moms making a big deal out of a regular checkup aka pap smear
ham	Am in gobi arts college
ham	Why she wants to talk to me
ham	Pandy joined 4w technologies today.he got job..
spam	You are guaranteed the latest Nokia Phone, a 40GB iPod MP3 player or a £500 prize! Txt word: COLLECT to No: 83355! IBHltd LdnW15H 150p/Mtmsgrcvd18
ham	They can try! They can get lost, in fact. Tee hee
ham	Hi! You just spoke to MANEESHA V. We'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. Reply Toll Free with Yes or No.
ham	My friends use to call the same.
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	Em, its olowoyey@ usc.edu have a great time in argentina. Not sad about secretary, everything is a blessing
ham	It,,s a taxt massage....tie-pos argh ok! Lool!
ham	Hi, can i please get a  &lt;#&gt;  dollar loan from you. I.ll pay you back by mid february. Pls.
ham	You might want to pull out more just in case and just plan on not spending it if you can, I don't have much confidence in derek and taylor's money management
ham	Do you like shaking your booty on the dance floor?
ham	Text me when you get off, don't call, my phones having problems
ham	No need for the drug anymore.
ham	Sorry da:)i was thought of calling you lot of times:)lil busy.i will call you at noon..
ham	Its sarcasm.. .nt scarcasim
ham	Great! I have to run now so ttyl!
ham	Feel like trying kadeem again? :V
ham	Dai  &lt;#&gt;  naal eruku.
ham	Not yet chikku..wat abt u?
ham	Ok...
ham	Want to finally have lunch today?
ham	Do you know when dad will be back?
spam	Hello darling how are you today? I would love to have a chat, why dont you tell me what you look like and what you are in to sexy?
spam	8007 FREE for 1st week! No1 Nokia tone 4 ur mob every week just txt NOKIA to 8007 Get txting and tell ur mates www.getzed.co.uk POBox 36504 W4 5WQ norm 150p/tone 16+
ham	He remains a bro amongst bros
ham	R u meeting da ge at nite tmr?
ham	* Was a nice day and, impressively, i was sensible, went home early and now feel fine. Or am i just boring?! When's yours, i can't remember.
ham	Why de. You looking good only:-)..
spam	Wanna get laid 2nite? Want real Dogging locations sent direct to ur mobile? Join the UK's largest Dogging Network. Txt PARK to 69696 now! Nyt. ec2a. 3lp £1.50/msg
spam	we tried to contact you re your response to our offer of a new nokia fone and camcorder hit reply or call 08000930705 for delivery
ham	Yes. They replied my mail. I'm going to the management office later. Plus will in to bank later also.or on wednesday.
ham	That's cool, I'll come by like  &lt;#&gt; ish
ham	Super msg da:)nalla timing.
ham	Good afternoon, my boytoy ... How are you feeling today ? Better I hope? Are you being my good boy? Are you my obedient, slave? Do you please your Queen?
ham	I am 6 ft. We will be a good combination!
ham	I'm sick !! I'm needy !! I want you !! *pouts* *stomps feet* Where are you ?! *pouts* *stomps feet* I want my slave !! I want him now !!
ham	* Am on a train back from northampton so i'm afraid not!
ham	Where in abj are you serving. Are you staying with dad or alone.
ham	Was playng 9 doors game and gt racing on phone lol
spam	New Tones This week include: 1)McFly-All Ab.., 2) Sara Jorge-Shock.. 3) Will Smith-Switch.. To order follow instructions on next message
ham	Solve d Case : A Man Was Found Murdered On  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . &lt;#&gt;  AfterNoon. 1,His wife called Police. 2,Police questioned everyone. 3,Wife: Sir,I was sleeping, when the murder took place. 4.Cook: I was cooking. 5.Gardener: I was picking vegetables. 6.House-Maid: I went 2 d post office. 7.Children: We went 2 play. 8.Neighbour: We went 2 a marriage. Police arrested d murderer Immediately. Who's It? Reply With Reason, If U r Brilliant.
ham	I'm on da bus going home...
ham	I got a call from a landline number. . . I am asked to come to anna nagar . . . I will go in the afternoon
ham	I'm okay. Chasing the dream. What's good. What are you doing next.
ham	Yupz... I've oredi booked slots 4 my weekends liao... 
spam	URGENT! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a £800 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09050003091 from land line. Claim C52. Valid 12hrs only
ham	There r many model..sony ericson also der.. &lt;#&gt; ..it luks good bt i forgot modl no
ham	Okie
ham	Yes I know the cheesy songs from frosty the snowman :)
ham	Ya ok, vikky vl c witin  &lt;#&gt; mins and il reply u..
spam	sports fans - get the latest sports news str* 2 ur mobile 1 wk FREE PLUS a FREE TONE Txt SPORT ON to 8007 www.getzed.co.uk 0870141701216+ norm 4txt/120p 
ham	Hey tmr meet at bugis 930 ?
spam	Urgent Urgent! We have 800 FREE flights to Europe to give away, call B4 10th Sept & take a friend 4 FREE. Call now to claim on 09050000555. BA128NNFWFLY150ppm
ham	All these nice new shirts and the only thing I can wear them to is nudist themed ;_; you in mu?
ham	Hey sexy buns! What of that day? No word from you this morning on YM ... :-( ... I think of you
ham	And whenever you and i see we can still hook up too.
ham	Nope but i'm going home now then go pump petrol lor... Like going 2 rain soon...
ham	Can you use foreign stamps for whatever you send them off for? 
spam	FROM 88066 LOST £12 HELP
ham	Oh baby of the house. How come you dont have any new pictures on facebook
ham	Feb  &lt;#&gt;  is "I LOVE U" day. Send dis to all ur "VALUED FRNDS" evn me. If 3 comes back u'll gt married d person u luv! If u ignore dis u will lose ur luv 4 Evr
ham	Hiya, sorry didn't hav signal. I haven't seen or heard from and neither has, which is unusual in itself! I'll put on the case and get him to sort it out! Hugs and snogs.
ham	Omw back to tampa from west palm, you hear what happened?
ham	Yup no more already... Thanx 4 printing n handing it up.
spam	FreeMsg: Fancy a flirt? Reply DATE now & join the UKs fastest growing mobile dating service. Msgs rcvd just 25p to optout txt stop to 83021. Reply DATE now!
ham	What i mean is do they come chase you out when its over or is it stated you can watch as many movies as you want.
ham	S now only i took tablets . Reaction morning only.
spam	Great NEW Offer - DOUBLE Mins & DOUBLE Txt on best Orange tariffs AND get latest camera phones 4 FREE! Call MobileUpd8 free on 08000839402 NOW! or 2stoptxt T&Cs
ham	Nah, I'm a perpetual DD
ham	Sorry de i went to shop.
spam	Hope you enjoyed your new content. text stop to 61610 to unsubscribe. help:08712400602450p Provided by tones2you.co.uk
ham	Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da.
ham	Hey you still want to go for yogasana? Coz if we end at cine then can go bathe and hav the steam bath
ham	Nope i'm not drivin... I neva develop da photos lei...
ham	I am thinking of going down to reg for pract lessons.. Flung my advance.. Haha wat time u going?
ham	Cool. I am  &lt;#&gt;  inches long. hope you like them big!
ham	House-Maid is the murderer, coz the man was murdered on  &lt;#&gt; th January.. As public holiday all govt.instituitions are closed,including post office..understand?
ham	Okie.. Thanx..
spam	18 days to Euro2004 kickoff! U will be kept informed of all the latest news and results daily. Unsubscribe send GET EURO STOP to 83222.
ham	Go where n buy? Juz buy when we get there lar.
ham	Ok lor...
ham	I'm working technical support :)voice process.
ham	It's justbeen overa week since we broke up and already our brains are going to mush!
ham	Tunde, how are you doing. This is just wishing you a great day. Abiola.
ham	Nope... C ü then...
ham	No. But we'll do medical missions to nigeria
ham	No i am not having not any movies in my laptop
ham	Whatsup there. Dont u want to sleep
spam	Urgent Please call 09066612661 from landline. £5000 cash or a luxury 4* Canary Islands Holiday await collection. T&Cs SAE award. 20M12AQ. 150ppm. 16+ “
spam	Urgent! Please call 09066612661 from your landline, your complimentary 4* Lux Costa Del Sol holiday or £1000 CASH await collection. ppm 150 SAE T&Cs James 28, EH74RR
ham	I havent lei.. Next mon can?
ham	Mm feeling sleepy. today itself i shall get that dear
ham	How dare you stupid. I wont tell anything to you. Hear after i wont talk to you:-.
ham	Do ü noe if ben is going?
ham	Can you do a mag meeting this avo at some point?
ham	I meant middle left or right?
ham	Really? I crashed out cuddled on my sofa.
ham	Hi Chachi tried calling u now unable to reach u .. Pl give me a missed cal once u c tiz msg  Kanagu
ham	I sent you the prices and do you mean the  &lt;#&gt; g,
ham	Are you this much buzy
ham	Nothing. Can...
spam	I don't know u and u don't know me. Send CHAT to 86688 now and let's find each other! Only 150p/Msg rcvd. HG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL LDN. 18 years or over.
ham	No * am working on the ringing u thing but have whole houseful of screaming brats so * am pulling my hair out! Loving u
ham	But my family not responding for anything. Now am in room not went to home for diwali but no one called me and why not coming. It makes me feel like died.
ham	Tick, tick, tick ... Babe
ham	R ü going 4 today's meeting?
ham	K da:)how many page you want?
ham	Ya had just now.onion roast.
ham	Send his number and give reply tomorrow morning for why you said that to him like that ok
ham	You said not now. No problem. When you can. Let me know.
ham	Ok but tell me half an hr b4 u come i need 2 prepare.
ham	Play w computer? Aiyah i tok 2 u lor?
ham	Sat right? Okay thanks... 
ham	Derp. Which is worse, a dude who always wants to party or a dude who files a complaint about the three drug abusers he lives with
ham	Ok Chinese food on its way. When I get fat you're paying for my lipo.
ham	We r outside already.
ham	Have a good trip. Watch out for . Remember when you get back we must decide about easter.
ham	Yo we are watching a movie on netflix
ham	What time. I‘m out until prob 3 or so
ham	Can meh? Thgt some will clash... Really ah, i dun mind... I dun seen to have lost any weight... Gee...
ham	I dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
ham	I am not sure about night menu. . . I know only about noon menu
ham	ARR birthday today:) i wish him to get more oscar.
ham	Say this slowly.? GOD,I LOVE YOU &amp; I NEED YOU,CLEAN MY HEART WITH YOUR BLOOD.Send this to Ten special people &amp; u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it...
ham	Open rebtel with firefox. When it loads just put plus sign in the user name place, and it will show you two numbers. The lower number is my number. Once you pick that number the pin will display okay!
ham	 and  picking them up from various points
spam	Married local women looking for discreet action now! 5 real matches instantly to your phone. Text MATCH to 69969 Msg cost 150p 2 stop txt stop BCMSFWC1N3XX
ham	Wow v v impressed. Have funs shopping!
ham	I am on the way to ur home
spam	Burger King - Wanna play footy at a top stadium? Get 2 Burger King before 1st Sept and go Large or Super with Coca-Cola and walk out a winner
ham	No problem. Talk to you later
ham	Then ur sis how?
ham	Still in customer place
spam	How come it takes so little time for a child who is afraid of the dark to become a teenager who wants to stay out all night?
ham	Dude u knw also telugu..thts gud..k, gud nyt..
ham	We confirm eating at esplanade?
ham	Send me your id and password
ham	Kind of. Took it to garage. Centre part of exhaust needs replacing. Part ordered n taking it to be fixed tomo morning.
spam	For ur chance to win a £250 cash every wk TXT: ACTION to 80608. T's&C's www.movietrivia.tv custcare 08712405022, 1x150p/wk.
ham	Well I might not come then...
ham	Long after I quit. I get on only like 5 minutes a day as it is.
ham	Then its most likely called Mittelschmertz. Google it. If you dont have paracetamol dont worry it will go.
ham	Well at this right I'm gonna have to get up and check today's steam sales/pee so text me when you want me to come get you
ham	Just arrived, see you in a couple days &lt;3
ham	K, wat s tht incident?
ham	Yeah get the unlimited
ham	cThen i thk shd b enuff.. Still got conclusion n contents pg n references.. I'll b doing da contents pg n cover pg..
ham	Forgot it takes me 3 years to shower, sorry. Where you at/your phone dead yet?
ham	Ü got wat to buy tell us then ü no need to come in again.
ham	When you are big..| God will bring success.
spam	U’ve Bin Awarded £50 to Play 4 Instant Cash. Call 08715203028 To Claim. EVERY 9th Player Wins Min £50-£500. OptOut 08718727870
ham	… we r stayin here an extra week, back next wed. How did we do in the rugby this weekend? Hi to and and , c u soon "
ham	Well there's still a bit left if you guys want to tonight
ham	Not from this campus. Are you in the library?
ham	The affidavit says  &lt;#&gt;  E Twiggs St, division g, courtroom  &lt;#&gt; , &lt;TIME&gt;  AM. I'll double check and text you again tomorrow
ham	How will I creep on you now? ;_;
ham	Tell your friends what you plan to do on Valentines day @ &lt;URL&gt;
ham	If I get there before you after your ten billion calls and texts so help me god
ham	Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng musthu
ham	I've told him that i've returned it. That should i re order it.
ham	House-Maid is the murderer, coz the man was murdered on  &lt;#&gt; th January.. As public holiday all govt.instituitions are closed,including post office..
ham	Depends on where u going lor.
ham	And smile for me right now as you go and the world will wonder what you are smiling about and think your crazy and keep away from you ... *grins*
spam	FreeMsg>FAV XMAS TONES!Reply REAL
ham	Lil fever:) now fine:)
ham	I think it's all still in my car
ham	Can a not?
spam	December only! Had your mobile 11mths+? You are entitled to update to the latest colour camera mobile for Free! Call The Mobile Update Co FREE on 08002986906 
ham	Yes princess! I want to catch you with my big strong hands...
ham	Oh yeah I forgot. U can only take 2 out shopping at once.
ham	Mm so you asked me not to call radio
ham	Thinkin about someone is all good. No drugs for that
ham	Say this slowly.? GOD,I LOVE YOU &amp; I NEED YOU,CLEAN MY HEART WITH YOUR BLOOD.Send this to Ten special people &amp; u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it...
ham	Enjoy the showers of possessiveness poured on u by ur loved ones, bcoz in this world of lies, it is a golden gift to be loved truly..
ham	Alright if you're sure, let me know when you're leaving
ham	Some are lasting as much as 2 hours. You might get lucky.
ham	Genius what's up. How your brother. Pls send his number to my skype.
spam	Gr8 Poly tones 4 ALL mobs direct 2u rply with POLY TITLE to 8007 eg POLY BREATHE1 Titles: CRAZYIN, SLEEPINGWITH, FINEST, YMCA :getzed.co.uk POBox365O4W45WQ 300p
ham	Thk some of em find wtc too far... Weiyi not goin... E rest i dunno yet... R ur goin 4 dinner den i might b able to join...
ham	Don't forget who owns you and who's private property you are ... And be my good boy always .. *passionate kiss*
spam	INTERFLORA - It's not too late to order Interflora flowers for christmas call 0800 505060 to place your order before Midnight tomorrow.
ham	Oh god..taken the teeth?is it paining
spam	ROMCAPspam Everyone around should be responding well to your presence since you are so warm and outgoing. You are bringing in a real breath of sunshine.
ham	Then u ask darren go n pick u lor... But i oso sian tmr haf 2 meet lect...
ham	No need to buy lunch for me.. I eat maggi mee..
spam	Congratulations - Thanks to a good friend U have WON the £2,000 Xmas prize. 2 claim is easy, just call 08712103738 NOW! Only 10p per minute. BT-national-rate
ham	Ok lor...
ham	Oh right, ok. I'll make sure that i do loads of work during the day!  got a really nasty cough today and is dry n shot so that should really help it!
ham	Wife.how she knew the time of murder exactly
spam	Send a logo 2 ur lover - 2 names joined by a heart. Txt LOVE NAME1 NAME2 MOBNO eg LOVE ADAM EVE 07123456789 to 87077 Yahoo! POBox36504W45WQ TxtNO 4 no ads 150p.
ham	Howz that persons story
ham	Thanx 4 sending me home...
ham	Its normally hot mail. Com you see!
spam	You've won tkts to the EURO2004 CUP FINAL or £800 CASH, to collect CALL 09058099801 b4190604, POBOX 7876150ppm
ham	U sick still can go shopping?
ham	Ya they are well and fine., BBD(pooja) full pimples..even she become quite black..and ur rite here its too cold, wearing sweatter..
ham	Nice.nice.how is it working?
ham	1's reach home call me.
ham	Were trying to find a Chinese food place around here
ham	Easy mate, * guess the quick drink was bit ambitious.
ham	BABE !!! I miiiiiiissssssssss you ! I need you !!! I crave you !!! :-( ... Geeee ... I'm so sad without you babe ... I love you ...
ham	Ok thanx...
ham	aathi..where are you dear..
ham	Tunji, how's the queen? how are you doing. This is just wishing you a great day. Abiola.
ham	Today iZ Yellow rose day. If u love my frndship give me 1 misscall &amp; send this to ur frndZ &amp; See how many miss calls u get. If u get 6missed U marry ur Lover.
ham	Will be out of class in a few hours. Sorry
ham	Wat time u finish ur lect today?
spam	Free-message: Jamster!Get the crazy frog sound now! For poly text MAD1, for real text MAD2 to 88888. 6 crazy sounds for just 3 GBP/week! 16+only! T&C's apply
ham	Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish. As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there. She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife, My Parents, My Kidz, My Friends n My Colleagues. All screaming.. SURPRISE !! and I was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' NAKED...!
spam	YOUR CHANCE TO BE ON A REALITY FANTASY SHOW call now = 08707509020 Just 20p per min NTT Ltd, PO Box 1327 Croydon CR9 5WB 0870 is a national = rate call
ham	She's fine. Good to hear from you. How are you my dear? Happy new year oh.
ham	Are you going to wipro interview today?
ham	how tall are you princess?
ham	I doubt you could handle 5 times per night in any case...
ham	Haha... Hope ü can hear the receipt sound... Gd luck!
ham	Your gonna be the death if me. I'm gonna leave a note that says its all robs fault. Avenge me.
ham	Japanese Proverb: If one Can do it, U too Can do it, If none Can do it,U must do it Indian version: If one Can do it, LET HIM DO it.. If none Can do it,LEAVE it!! And finally Kerala version: If one can do it, Stop him doing it.. If none can do it, Make a strike against it ...
ham	Today i'm not workin but not free oso... Gee... Thgt u workin at ur fren's shop ? 
ham	In life when you face choices Just toss a coin not becoz its settle the question But while the coin in the air U will know what your heart is hoping for. Gudni8
ham	Do you know why god created gap between your fingers..? So that, One who is made for you comes &amp; fills those gaps by holding your hand with LOVE..!
ham	I want to be there so i can kiss you and feel you next to me
ham	I am not at all happy with what you saying or doing
spam	Adult 18 Content Your video will be with you shortly
ham	Ok that would b lovely, if u r sure. Think about wot u want to do, drinkin, dancin, eatin, cinema, in, out, about... Up to u! Wot about ? 
ham	What I'm saying is if you haven't explicitly told nora I know someone I'm probably just not gonna bother
ham	He says hi and to get your ass back to south tampa (preferably at a kegger)
ham	Smith waste da.i wanna gayle.
ham	Mum, i've sent you many many messages since i got here. I just want to know that you are actually getting them. Do enjoy the rest of your day.
ham	Aight, tomorrow around  &lt;#&gt;  it is
ham	House-Maid is the murderer, coz the man was murdered on  &lt;#&gt; th January.. As public holiday all govt.instituitions are closed,including post office..understand?
spam	YOUR CHANCE TO BE ON A REALITY FANTASY SHOW call now = 08707509020 Just 20p per min NTT Ltd, PO Box 1327 Croydon CR9 5WB 0870 is a national = rate call.
ham	I actually did for the first time in a while. I went to bed not too long after i spoke with you. Woke up at 7. How was your night?
ham	See you there! 
ham	I dont understand your message.
ham	Crucify is c not s. You should have told me earlier.
ham	Idk. You keep saying that you're not, but since he moved, we keep butting heads over freedom vs. responsibility. And i'm tired. I have so much other shit to deal with that i'm barely keeping myself together once this gets added to it.
ham	Fuck cedar key and fuck her (come over anyway tho)
ham	twenty past five he said will this train have been to durham already or not coz i am in a reserved seat
spam	Hey Boys. Want hot XXX pics sent direct 2 ur phone? Txt PORN to 69855, 24Hrs free and then just 50p per day. To stop text STOPBCM SF WC1N3XX
ham	U still painting ur wall?
spam	Last Chance! Claim ur £150 worth of discount vouchers today! Text SHOP to 85023 now! SavaMob, offers mobile! T Cs SavaMob POBOX84, M263UZ. £3.00 Sub. 16
ham	Printer is cool. I mean groovy. Wine is groovying
ham	Hi Harish's rent has been transfred to ur Acnt.
ham	Anything lor is she coming?
ham	Cbe is really good nowadays:)lot of shop and showrooms:)city is shaping good.
ham	Ü still attending da talks?
ham	No probs hon! How u doinat the mo?
ham	K I'll take care of it
ham	I take it we didn't have the phone callon Friday. Can we assume we won't have it this year now?
ham	My battery is low babe
ham	Shuhui has bought ron's present it's a swatch watch...
ham	Yeah there's quite a bit left, I'll swing by tomorrow when I get up
ham	Babe? You said 2 hours and it's been almost 4 ... Is your internet down ?
ham	K I'll be sure to get up before noon and see what's what
ham	K...k...yesterday i was in cbe .
ham	Went to ganesh dress shop
spam	pdate_Now - Double mins and 1000 txts on Orange tariffs. Latest Motorola, SonyEricsson & Nokia & Bluetooth FREE! Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/!YHL
ham	Ü collecting ur laptop then going to configure da settings izzit?
ham	If you r @ home then come down within 5 min
ham	Aight, I should be there by 8 at the latest, probably closer to 7. Are jay and tyler down or should we just do two trips?
ham	Come aftr  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; ..now i m cleaning the house
spam	Ur cash-balance is currently 500 pounds - to maximize ur cash-in now send CASH to 86688 only 150p/msg. CC: 08718720201 PO BOX 114/14 TCR/W1
ham	Bill, as in: Are there any letters for me. i’m expecting one from orange that isn’t a bill but may still say orange on it.
ham	Tell me pa. How is pain de.
ham	HI DARLIN I HOPE YOU HAD A NICE NIGHT I WISH I HAD COME CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU LOVE FRAN PS I WANT DIRTY ANAL SEX AND I WANT A 10 MAN GANG BANG
ham	Ha. You don‘t know either. I did a a clever but simple thing with pears the other day, perfect for christmas.
ham	Helloooo... Wake up..! "Sweet" "morning" "welcomes" "You" "Enjoy" "This Day" "with full of joy".. "GUD MRNG".
ham	ALRITE
ham	Why must we sit around and wait for summer days to celebrate. Such a magical sight when the worlds dressed in white. Oooooh let there be snow.
spam	URGENT! Your Mobile number has been awarded with a £2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09058094454 from land line. Claim 3030. Valid 12hrs only
ham	How do you guys go to see movies on your side.
ham	Sorry,in meeting I'll call later
ham	You didn't have to tell me that...now i'm thinking. Plus he's going to stop all your runs
ham	Kindly send some one to our flat before  &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  today.
spam	Sorry! U can not unsubscribe yet. THE MOB offer package has a min term of 54 weeks> pls resubmit request after expiry. Reply THEMOB HELP 4 more info
ham	Nothing lor... A bit bored too... Then y dun u go home early 2 sleep today...
ham	What time should I tell my friend to be around?
ham	Yes. that will be fine. Love you. Be safe.
ham	Thanks chikku..:-) gud nyt:-*
ham	Is xy in ur car when u picking me up?
ham	Thanx 4 the time weve spent 2geva, its bin mint! Ur my Baby and all I want is u!xxxx
ham	Yo, any way we could pick something up tonight?
ham	I've not sent it. He can send me.
ham	Fine am simply sitting.
ham	Thts god's gift for birds as humans hav some natural gift frm god..
ham	Are you coming to day for class.
ham	Im done. Just studyn in library
ham	Ok... U enjoy ur shows...
ham	Anything...
ham	Where wuld I be without my baby? The thought alone mite break me and I dont wanna go crazy but everyboy needs his lady xxxxxxxx
ham	Wat's my dear doing? Sleeping ah?
ham	Hi' Test on  &lt;#&gt; rd ....
ham	Only 2% students solved this CAT question in 'xam... 5+3+2= &lt;#&gt;  9+2+4= &lt;#&gt;  8+6+3= &lt;#&gt;  then 7+2+5=????? Tell me the answer if u r brilliant...1thing.i got d answr.
ham	Yo do you know anyone  &lt;#&gt;  or otherwise able to buy liquor? Our guy flaked and right now if we don't get a hold of somebody its just 4 loko all night
ham	Yup n her fren lor. I'm meeting my fren at 730.
ham	Yeah, we got one lined up for us
ham	And stop wondering "wow is she ever going to stop tm'ing me ?!" because I will tm you whenever I want because you are MINE ... *laughs*
ham	Lol yep did that yesterday. Already got my fireplace. Now its just another icon sitting there for me.
ham	Hey i've booked the pilates and yoga lesson already... Haha
ham	Are you ok. What happen to behave like this
spam	You have 1 new message. Please call 08712400200.
ham	My supervisor find 4 me one lor i thk his students. I havent ask her yet. Tell u aft i ask her.
ham	Hello. No news on job, they are making me wait a fifth week! Yeah im up for some woozles and weasels... In exeter still, but be home about 3. 
ham	No message..no responce..what happend?
spam	We currently have a message awaiting your collection. To collect your message just call 08718723815.
ham	Hey babe, sorry i didn't get sooner. Gary can come and fix it cause he thinks he knows what it is but he doesn't go as far a Ptbo and he says it will cost  &lt;#&gt;  bucks. I don't know if it might be cheaper to find someone there ? We don't have any second hand machines at all right now, let me know what you want to do babe
ham	make that 3! 4 fucks sake?! x
ham	Leave it. U will always be ignorant.
ham	Nope but i'll b going 2 sch on fri quite early lor cos mys sis got paper in da morn :-)
ham	at bruce b downs &amp; fletcher now
ham	Where are you ? You said you would be here when I woke ... :-(
ham	Hey now am free you can call me.
ham	Tell me whos this pls:-)
spam	URGENT! Your mobile was awarded a £1,500 Bonus Caller Prize on 27/6/03. Our final attempt 2 contact U! Call 08714714011
ham	Think i might have to give it a miss. Am teaching til twelve, then have lecture at two. Damn this working thing.
ham	Id have to check but there's only like 1 bowls worth left
ham	Yes there were many sweets
ham	I would but I'm still cozy. And exhausted from last night.nobody went to school or work. Everything is closed.
spam	U have a secret admirer. REVEAL who thinks U R So special. Call 09065174042. To opt out Reply REVEAL STOP. 1.50 per msg recd. Cust care 07821230901
ham	Buzzzz! *grins* Did I buzz your ass? Buzz your chest ? Buzz your cock ? Where do you keep your phone ? Is the vibrator on ? Did you feel it shake ?
ham	Sir send to group mail check it.
ham	I'm doing da intro covers energy trends n pros n cons... Brief description of nuclear fusion n oso brief history of iter n jet got abt 7 n half pages..
ham	"NONE!NOWHERE IKNO DOESDISCOUNT!SHITINNIT"
ham	You dont know you jabo me abi.
spam	Do you ever notice that when you're driving, anyone going slower than you is an idiot and everyone driving faster than you is a maniac?
ham	Not yet had..ya sapna aunty manege y'day hogidhe..chinnu full weak and swalpa black agidhane..
ham	Are you being good, baby? :)
ham	NEFT Transaction with reference number  &lt;#&gt;  for Rs. &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  has been credited to the beneficiary account on  &lt;#&gt;  at  &lt;TIME&gt; : &lt;#&gt;
ham	Mostly sports type..lyk footbl,crckt..
ham	Ma head dey swell oh. Thanks for making my day
ham	U should make a fb list
ham	Height of Confidence: All the Aeronautics professors wer calld &amp; they wer askd 2 sit in an aeroplane. Aftr they sat they wer told dat the plane ws made by their students. Dey all hurried out of d plane.. Bt only 1 didnt move... He said:"if it is made by my students,this wont even start........ Datz confidence..
ham	Sary just need Tim in the bollox &it hurt him a lot so he tol me!
ham	Happy New Year Princess!
ham	I'll text carlos and let you know, hang on
ham	Don't worry, * is easy once have ingredients!
ham	I love u 2 my little pocy bell I am sorry but I love u
ham	Ok omw now, you at castor?
ham	Yar lor... Keep raining non stop... Or u wan 2 go elsewhere?
spam	Xmas Offer! Latest Motorola, SonyEricsson & Nokia & FREE Bluetooth or DVD! Double Mins & 1000 Txt on Orange. Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/4QF2
ham	What u mean u almost done? Done wif sleeping? But i tot u going to take a nap.. Yup i send her liao so i'm picking her up at ard 4 smth lor..
ham	7 wonders in My WORLD 7th You 6th Ur style 5th Ur smile 4th Ur Personality 3rd Ur Nature 2nd Ur SMS and 1st "Ur Lovely Friendship"... good morning dear
ham	Tonight? Yeah, I'd be down for that
ham	What should i eat fo lunch senor
ham	He said that he had a right giggle when he saw u again! You would possibly be the first person2die from NVQ, but think how much you could for! 
ham	No break time one... How... I come out n get my stuff fr ü?
spam	Reply to win £100 weekly! What professional sport does Tiger Woods play? Send STOP to 87239 to end service
ham	I'm there and I can see you, but you can't see me ? Maybe you should reboot ym ? I seen the buzz
ham	Do you still have the grinder?
spam	No 1 POLYPHONIC tone 4 ur mob every week! Just txt PT2 to 87575. 1st Tone FREE ! so get txtin now and tell ur friends. 150p/tone. 16 reply HL 4info
ham	Love isn't a decision, it's a feeling. If we could decide who to love, then, life would be much simpler, but then less magical
spam	HOT LIVE FANTASIES call now 08707509020 Just 20p per min NTT Ltd, PO Box 1327 Croydon CR9 5WB 0870 is a national rate call
ham	K.i did't see you.:)k:)where are you now?
ham	So i'm doing a list of buyers.
ham	No idea, I guess we'll work that out an hour after we're supposed to leave since as usual nobody has any interest in figuring shit out before the last second
ham	Mm not entirely sure i understood that text but hey. Ho. Which weekend?
ham	They released vday shirts and when u put it on it makes your bottom half naked instead of those white underwear.
ham	Don know..he is watching film in computer..
ham	No b4 Thursday
ham	Oh, then your phone phoned me but it disconnected
ham	Id onluy matters when getting on from offcampus
spam	This message is free. Welcome to the new & improved Sex & Dogging club! To unsubscribe from this service reply STOP. msgs@150p 18+only
ham	Excellent, I'll see what riley's plans are
ham	I will see in half an hour
spam	You've won tkts to the EURO2004 CUP FINAL or £800 CASH, to collect CALL 09058099801 b4190604, POBOX 7876150ppm
ham	Ew are you one of them?
ham	Also hi wesley how've you been
ham	Ah you see. You have to be in the lingo. I will let you know wot on earth it is when has finished making it!
spam	Loan for any purpose £500 - £75,000. Homeowners + Tenants welcome. Have you been previously refused? We can still help. Call Free 0800 1956669 or text back 'help'
spam	Update_Now - 12Mths Half Price Orange line rental: 400mins...Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout=J5Q
ham	Imagine Life WITHOUT ME... see.. How fast u are searching me?Don't worry.. l'm always there To disturb U.. Goodnoon..:)
ham	Hm good morning, headache anyone? :-)
ham	Yeah no probs - last night is obviously catching up with you... Speak soon 
spam	FREE UNLIMITED HARDCORE PORN direct 2 your mobile Txt PORN to 69200 & get FREE access for 24 hrs then chrgd@50p per day txt Stop 2exit. This msg is free
ham	I might go 2 sch. Yar at e salon now v boring.
ham	 &lt;#&gt;  mins but i had to stop somewhere first.
ham	&lt;#&gt;  is fast approaching. So, Wish u a very Happy New Year Happy Sankranti Happy republic day Happy Valentines Day Happy Shivratri Happy Ugadi Happy Fools day Happy May Day Happy Independence Day, Happy Friendship,Mother,Father,Teachers,Childrens Day, &amp; HAPPY BIRTHDAY 4 U. Happy Ganesh festival Happy Dasara Happy Diwali Happy Christmas  &lt;#&gt;  Good Mornings Afternoons, Evenings Nights. RememberI AM the first to WISHING U ALL THESE...your's Raj
ham	One of the joys in lifeis waking up each daywith thoughts that somewhereSomeone cares enough tosend a warm morning greeting.. -
ham	I didn't get the second half of that message
ham	Wat time do u wan 2 meet me later?
ham	I thank you so much for all you do with selflessness. I love you plenty.
ham	Am in film ill call you later.
ham	How dare you change my ring
ham	You are a very very very very bad girl. Or lady.
ham	I love ya too but try and budget your money better babe. Gary would freak on me if he knew
ham	What part of "don't initiate" don't you understand
ham	I finished my lunch already. U wake up already?
ham	You still at the game?
ham	You have got tallent but you are wasting.
ham	What is your record for one night? :)
ham	Also sir, i sent you an email about how to log into the usc payment portal. I.ll send you another message that should explain how things are back home. Have a great weekend.
ham	 gonna let me know cos comes bak from holiday that day.  is coming. Don't4get2text me  number. 
ham	Jokin only lar... :-) depends on which phone my father can get lor...
ham	Aight, lemme know what's up
ham	Get ready for  &lt;#&gt;  inches of pleasure...
ham	Raji..pls do me a favour. Pls convey my Birthday wishes to Nimya. Pls. Today is her birthday.
ham	;-) ok. I feel like john lennon.
ham	Cos darren say ü considering mah so i ask ü...
ham	You are not bothering me but you have to trust my answers. Pls.
ham	Wishing you and your family Merry "X" mas and HAPPY NEW Year in advance..
ham	One day a crab was running on the sea shore..The waves came n cleared the footprints of the crab.. Crab asked: being my frnd y r u clearing my beautiful footprints? Waves replied: A fox was following ur footprints to catch you! thats y i cleared it off:) frndsship never lets u dwn :-) GUD nyt..
ham	Aight what time you want me to come up?
ham	Slaaaaave ! Where are you ? Must I summon you to me all the time now ? Don't you wish to come to me on your own anymore?
ham	Your bill at 3 is £33.65 so thats not bad!
ham	Let me know how it changes in the next 6hrs. It can even be appendix but you are out of that age range. However its not impossible. So just chill and let me know in 6hrs
ham	Hello, yeah i've just got out of the bath and need to do my hair so i'll come up when i'm done, yeah?
ham	So how's the weather over there?
ham	Ok. Not much to do here though. H&M Friday, cant wait. Dunno wot the hell im gonna do for another 3 weeks! Become a slob- oh wait, already done that! 
ham	Die... Now i have e toot fringe again...
ham	Lol they don't know about my awesome phone. I could click delete right now if I want.
ham	Ok
ham	Awesome question with a cute answer: Someone asked a boy "how is ur life?" . . He smiled &amp; answered: . . "She is fine!" Gudnite
ham	Please leave this topic..sorry for telling that..
ham	Pls send me the correct name da.
ham	What happened to our yo date?
spam	EASTENDERS TV Quiz. What FLOWER does DOT compare herself to? D= VIOLET E= TULIP F= LILY txt D E or F to 84025 NOW 4 chance 2 WIN £100 Cash WKENT/150P16+
ham	Webpage s not available!
ham	Just woke up. Yeesh its late. But I didn't fall asleep til &lt;#&gt; am :/
spam	You are now unsubscribed all services. Get tons of sexy babes or hunks straight to your phone! go to http://gotbabes.co.uk. No subscriptions.
ham	Dear all, as we know  &lt;#&gt; th is the  &lt;#&gt; th birthday of our loving Gopalettan. We are planning to give a small gift on that day. Those who like to participate in that you are welcome. Please contact our admin team for more details
ham	K..k...from tomorrow onwards started ah?
ham	What u talking bout early morning? It's almost noon where your at!
ham	Fine. Do you remember me.
spam	Hi babe its Jordan, how r u? Im home from abroad and lonely, text me back if u wanna chat xxSP visionsms.com Text stop to stopCost 150p 08712400603
ham	Ok. How many should i buy.
ham	Sounds good, keep me posted
spam	Get a brand new mobile phone by being an agent of The Mob! Plus loads more goodies! For more info just text MAT to 87021.
ham	Ok. So april. Cant wait
ham	Boy you best get yo ass out here quick
ham	Ay wana meet on sat?ü wkg on sat?
ham	I'm now but have to wait till 2 for the bus to pick me.
ham	Apart from the one i told you about yesterday?
ham	Ok lor... But buy wat?
ham	Somebody should go to andros and steal ice
ham	Don know. I did't msg him recently.
ham	Take us out shopping and Mark will distract Isaiah.=D
ham	Mum, hope you are having a great day. Hoping this text meets you well and full of life. Have a great day. Abiola
ham	There is no sense in my foot and penis.
ham	Okay but i thought you were the expert
ham	*deep sigh* ... I miss you :-( ... I am really surprised you haven't gone to the net cafe yet to get to me ... Don't you miss me?
ham	S.s:)i thinl role is like sachin.just standing. Others have to hit.
ham	Have a great trip to India. And bring the light to everyone not just with the project but with everyone that is lucky to see you smile. Bye. Abiola
ham	And very importantly, all we discuss is between u and i only.
ham	K..k:)how about your training process?
ham	Ok lor. I ned 2 go toa payoh 4 a while 2 return smth u wan 2 send me there or wat?
ham	In da car park 
ham	I wish that I was with you. Holding you tightly. Making you see how important you are. How much you mean to me ... How much I need you ... In my life ...
ham	So i asked how's anthony. Dad. And your bf
ham	'Wnevr i wana fal in luv vth my books, My bed fals in luv vth me..!'' . Yen madodu, nav pretsorginta, nammanna pretsovru important alwa....!!:) Gud eveB-).
ham	What Today-sunday..sunday is holiday..so no work..
ham	Am going to take bath ill place the key in window:-)
spam	LORD OF THE RINGS:RETURN OF THE KING in store NOW!REPLY LOTR by 2 June 4 Chance 2 WIN LOTR soundtrack CDs StdTxtRate. Reply STOP to end txts
ham	Dear, take care. I am just reaching home.love u a lot.
ham	staff.science.nus.edu.sg/~phyhcmk/teaching/pc1323
ham	Have you emigrated or something? Ok maybe 5.30 was a bit hopeful...
ham	Olol i printed out a forum post by a guy with the exact same  prob which was fixed with a gpu replacement. Hopefully they dont ignore that.
ham	We walked from my moms. Right on stagwood pass right on winterstone left on victors hill. Address is &lt;#&gt;
ham	Yo, you at jp and hungry like a mofo?
ham	This is all just creepy and crazy to me.
ham	Ok... I din get ur msg...
ham	Tessy..pls do me a favor. Pls convey my birthday wishes to Nimya..pls dnt forget it. Today is her birthday Shijas
ham	Pathaya enketa maraikara pa'
ham	Even if he my friend he is a priest call him now
ham	U so lousy, run already come back then half dead... Hee...
ham	That's y i said it's bad dat all e gals know u... Wat u doing now?
ham	Or remind me in a few hrs.
ham	I had been hoping i would not have to send you this message. My rent is due and i dont have enough for it. My reserves are completely gone. Its a loan i need and was hoping you could her. The balance is  &lt;#&gt; . Is there a way i could get that from you, till mid march when i hope to pay back.
ham	Hi. Happy New Year. I dont mean to intrude but can you pls let me know how much tuition you paid last semester and how much this semester is. Thanks
ham	Hello hun how ru? Its here by the way. Im good. Been on 2 dates with that guy i met in walkabout so far. We have to meet up soon. Hows everyone else?
ham	Lol I was gonna last month. I cashed some in but I left &lt;#&gt; just in case. I was collecting more during the week cause they announced it on the blog.
spam	Good Luck! Draw takes place 28th Feb 06. Good Luck! For removal send STOP to 87239 customer services 08708034412
ham	Short But Cute : " Be a good person , but dont try to prove" ..... Gud mrng...
ham	Just haven't decided where yet eh ?
ham	Wat time liao, where still got.
ham	Yes watching footie but worried we're going to blow it - Phil Neville?
ham	I wait 4 ü inside da car park...
ham	Uncle Abbey! Happy New Year. Abiola
ham	Now am free call me pa.
ham	R u saying i should re order the slippers cos i had to pay for returning it.
ham	Stop knowing me so well!
ham	Good evening! this is roger. How are you?
ham	Small problem in auction:)punj now asking tiwary
spam	Free entry in 2 a weekly comp for a chance to win an ipod. Txt POD to 80182 to get entry (std txt rate) T&C's apply 08452810073 for details 18+
ham	He telling not to tell any one. If so treat for me hi hi hi
ham	My uncles in Atlanta. Wish you guys a great semester.
spam	1st wk FREE! Gr8 tones str8 2 u each wk. Txt NOKIA ON to 8007 for Classic Nokia tones or HIT ON to 8007 for Polys. Nokia/150p Poly/200p 16+
ham	U coming 2 pick me?
ham	Thats cool. i liked your photos. You are very sexy!
ham	would u fuckin believe it they didnt know i had thurs pre booked off so they re cancelled me AGAIN! that needs to b sacked
ham	Haha better late than ever, any way I could swing by?
ham	Ok. But i finish at 6.
spam	LookAtMe!: Thanks for your purchase of a video clip from LookAtMe!, you've been charged 35p. Think you can do better? Why not send a video in a MMSto 32323.
ham	I've been barred from all B and Q stores for life!?This twat in orange dungerees came up to me and asked if I wanted decking? So I got the first punch in!!
ham	So no messages. Had food?
ham	Ok going to sleep. Hope i can meet her.
ham	Wat makes some people dearer is not just de happiness dat u feel when u meet them but de pain u feel when u miss dem!!!
ham	Can you let me know details of fri when u find out cos I'm not in tom or fri. mentionned chinese. Thanks
ham	You're right I have now that I think about it
ham	Wat r u doing now?
ham	Is ur lecture over?
spam	sexy sexy cum and text me im wet and warm and ready for some porn! u up for some fun? THIS MSG IS FREE RECD MSGS 150P INC VAT 2 CANCEL TEXT STOP
ham	Customer place i will call you
ham	Not planned yet :)going to join company on jan 5 only.don know what will happen after that.
ham	Boy; I love u Grl: Hogolo Boy: gold chain kodstini Grl: Agalla Boy: necklace madstini Grl: agalla Boy: Hogli 1 mutai eerulli kodthini! Grl: I love U kano;-)
ham	Haha I heard that, text me when you're around
ham	I.ll get there tomorrow and send it to you
ham	"SHIT BABE.. THASA BIT MESSED UP.YEH, SHE SHUDVETOLD U. DID URGRAN KNOW?NEWAY, ILLSPEAK 2 U2MORO WEN IM NOT ASLEEP..."
ham	Oh thats late! Well have a good night and i will give u a call tomorrow. Iam now going to go to sleep night night
ham	"CHEERS U TEX MECAUSE U WEREBORED! YEAH OKDEN HUNNY R UIN WK SAT?SOUNDS LIKEYOUR HAVIN GR8FUN J! KEEP UPDAT COUNTINLOTS OF LOVEME XXXXX."
ham	Sorry,  in meeting I'll call you later
ham	Yo! Howz u? girls never rang after india. L
ham	Yeah but which is worse for i
spam	Hard LIVE 121 chat just 60p/min. Choose your girl and connect LIVE. Call 09094646899 now! Cheap Chat UK's biggest live service. VU BCM1896WC1N3XX
ham	I tagged MY friends that you seemed to count as YOUR friends.
spam	Not heard from U4 a while. Call 4 rude chat private line 01223585334 to cum. Wan 2C pics of me gettin shagged then text PIX to 8552. 2End send STOP 8552 SAM xxx
ham	Ok...
ham	Long time. You remember me today.
ham	Havent shopping now lor i juz arrive only
ham	Thank u. IT BETTER WORK OUT CAUSE I WILL FEEL USED OTHERWISE
ham	Are you up for the challenge? I know i am :)
ham	How much did ur hdd casing cost.
ham	Mystery solved! Just opened my email and he's sent me another batch! Isn't he a sweetie
ham	I can't describe how lucky you are that I'm actually awake by noon
spam	This is the 2nd time we have tried to contact u. U have won the £1450 prize to claim just call 09053750005 b4 310303. T&Cs/stop SMS 08718725756. 140ppm
ham	TODAY is Sorry day.! If ever i was angry with you, if ever i misbehaved or hurt you? plz plz JUST SLAP URSELF Bcoz, Its ur fault, I'm basically GOOD
ham	Cheers for the card ... Is it that time of year already?
spam	HOT LIVE FANTASIES call now 08707509020 Just 20p per min NTT Ltd, PO Box 1327 Croydon CR9 5WB 0870..k
ham	When people see my msgs, They think Iam addicted to msging... They are wrong, Bcoz They don\'t know that Iam addicted to my sweet Friends..!! BSLVYL
ham	Ugh hopefully the asus ppl dont randomly do a reformat.
ham	Haven't seen my facebook, huh? Lol!
ham	Mah b, I'll pick it up tomorrow
ham	Still otside le..u come 2morrow maga..
ham	Do u still have plumbers tape and a wrench we could borrow?
spam	Dear Voucher Holder, To claim this weeks offer, at you PC please go to http://www.e-tlp.co.uk/reward. Ts&Cs apply.
ham	It vl bcum more difficult..
spam	UR GOING 2 BAHAMAS! CallFREEFONE 08081560665 and speak to a live operator to claim either Bahamas cruise of£2000 CASH 18+only. To opt out txt X to 07786200117
ham	Havent still waitin as usual... Ü come back sch oredi?
ham	In meeting da. I will call you
ham	K k :-):-) then watch some films.
ham	Does cinema plus drink appeal tomo? * Is a fr thriller by director i like on at mac at 8.30.
ham	There the size of elephant tablets & u shove um up ur ass!!
ham	So many people seems to be special at first sight, But only very few will remain special to you till your last sight.. Maintain them till life ends.. take cr da
ham	My Parents, My Kidz, My Friends n My Colleagues. All screaming.. SURPRISE !! and I was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' NAKED...!
ham	Dunno i juz askin cos i got a card got 20% off 4 a salon called hair sense so i tot it's da one ü cut ur hair. 
ham	Good morning pookie pie! Lol hope I didn't wake u up
ham	MAYBE IF YOU WOKE UP BEFORE FUCKING 3 THIS WOULDN'T BE A PROBLEM.
ham	Happy birthday to you....dear.with lots of love.rakhesh NRI
ham	Howz that persons story
spam	This is the 2nd time we have tried 2 contact u. U have won the 750 Pound prize. 2 claim is easy, call 08712101358 NOW! Only 10p per min. BT-national-rate
ham	X2  &lt;#&gt; . Are you going to get that
ham	Hi neva worry bout da truth coz the truth will lead me 2 ur heart. Its the least a unique person like u deserve. Sleep tight or morning
spam	UR awarded a City Break and could WIN a £200 Summer Shopping spree every WK. Txt STORE to 88039.SkilGme.TsCs087147403231Winawk!Age16+£1.50perWKsub
ham	Is ur paper today in e morn or aft?
ham	I will lick up every drop :) are you ready to use your mouth as well?
ham	And you! Will expect you whenever you text! Hope all goes well tomo 
ham	Great. P diddy is my neighbor and comes for toothpaste every morning
ham	I av a new number,  . Wil u only use this one,ta.
ham	So its to be poking man everyday that they teach you in canada abi! How are you. Just saying hi.
ham	7 lor... Change 2 suntec... Wat time u coming?
ham	No de.am seeing in online shop so that i asked.
ham	Just curious because my cuz asked what I was up to
ham	Nice.nice.how is it working?
ham	Okay lor... Wah... like that def they wont let us go... Haha... What did they say in the terms and conditions?
ham	Haha... Yup hopefully  we will lose a few kg by mon. after hip hop can go orchard and weigh again
ham	She's good. How are you. Where r u working now
ham	Oh, yes, I've just been a little under the weather so i've kind of been coccooning at home
ham	At home also.
ham	This phone has the weirdest auto correct.
ham	Oops my phone died and I didn't even know. Yeah I like it better.
ham	Havent mus ask if u can 1st wat. Of meet 4 lunch den u n him meet can already lor. Or u wan 2 go ask da ge 1st then confirm w me asap?
ham	She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife,
ham	OH YEAH,AND HAV A GREAT TIME IN NEWQUAY-SEND ME A POSTCARD !1 LOOK AFTER ALL THE GIRLS WHILE IM GONE(U KNOW THE 1IM TALKIN BOUT!)xx
ham	We got a divorce. Lol. She.s here
ham	What's ur pin?
ham	Babe, have you got enough money to pick up bread and milk ? And I'll give you it back when you get home ?
ham	I want snow. It's just freezing and windy.
spam	URGENT! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a £2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09066358361 from land line. Claim Y87. Valid 12hrs only
ham	Come to mahal bus stop.. &lt;DECIMAL&gt;
ham	Don know:)this week i'm going to tirunelvai da.
ham	Me too baby! I promise to treat you well! I bet you will take good care of me...
ham	Its like that hotel dusk game i think. You solve puzzles in a area thing
spam	Thanks for your ringtone order, reference number X29. Your mobile will be charged 4.50. Should your tone not arrive please call customer services 09065989180
ham	Hi, my love! How goes that day? Fuck, this morning I woke and dropped my cell on the way down the stairs but it seems alright ... *phews* I miss you !
ham	Well that must be a pain to catch
ham	Sorry da thangam.it's my mistake.
ham	I need... Coz i never go before 
ham	Rose for red,red for blood,blood for heart,heart for u. But u for me.... Send tis to all ur friends.. Including me.. If u like me.. If u get back, 1-u r poor in relation! 2-u need some 1 to support 3-u r frnd 2 many 4-some1 luvs u 5+- some1 is praying god to marry u.:-) try it....
ham	Wife.how she knew the time of murder exactly
spam	SIX chances to win CASH! From 100 to 20,000 pounds txt> CSH11 and send to 87575. Cost 150p/day, 6days, 16+ TsandCs apply Reply HL 4 info
spam	Ur cash-balance is currently 500 pounds - to maximize ur cash-in now send COLLECT to 83600 only 150p/msg. CC: 08718720201 PO BOX 114/14 TCR/W1
ham	I feel like a dick because I keep sleeping through your texts and facebook messages. Sup, you in town?
ham	No plm i will come da. On the way.
ham	Guess he wants alone time. We could just show up and watch when they do..
ham	Height of recycling: Read twice- People spend time for earning money and the same money is spent for spending time!;-) Good morning.. keep smiling:-)
ham	Yup ü not comin :-(
ham	Yes, princess. Toledo.
ham	Aight text me when you're back at mu and I'll swing by, need somebody to get the door for me
ham	Ron say fri leh. N he said ding tai feng cant make reservations. But he said wait lor.
ham	Good. No swimsuit allowed :)
ham	Am okay. Will soon be over. All the best
ham	A cute thought for friendship: "Its not necessary to share every secret with ur close Frnd, but watever u shared should be true"....
ham	Ok i've sent u da latest version of da project.
ham	Good Morning my Dear........... Have a great &amp; successful day.
ham	Pls accept me for one day. Or am begging you change the number.
ham	Squeeeeeze!! This is christmas hug.. If u lik my frndshp den hug me back.. If u get 3 u r cute:) 6 u r luvd:* 9 u r so lucky;) None? People hate u:
ham	Its ok, if anybody asks abt me, u tel them..:-P
ham	Funny fact Nobody teaches volcanoes 2 erupt, tsunamis 2 arise, hurricanes 2 sway aroundn no 1 teaches hw 2 choose a wife Natural disasters just happens
ham	* You gonna ring this weekend or wot?
ham	Also track down any lighters you can find
ham	Sorry, I can't help you on this.
ham	Babe, I need your advice
ham	I‘ll leave around four, ok?
ham	Come to medical college at 7pm ......forward it da
ham	K:)k..its good:)when are you going?
ham	I can make lasagna for you... vodka...
ham	HI ITS KATE CAN U GIVE ME A RING ASAP XXX
ham	Who were those people ? Were you in a tour ? I thought you were doing that sofa thing you sent me ? Your curious sugar
ham	No, but you told me you were going, before you got drunk!
ham	He fucking chickened out. He messaged me he would be late and woould buzz me and then I didn't hear a word from him
spam	Congratulations! Thanks to a good friend U have WON the £2,000 Xmas prize. 2 claim is easy, just call 08718726978 NOW! Only 10p per minute. BT-national-rate
ham	I'm always looking for an excuse to be in the city.
ham	Yup i'm still having coffee wif my frens... My fren drove she'll give me a lift...
ham	O shore are you takin the bus
ham	So u gonna get deus ex?
ham	I will send them to your email. Do you mind  &lt;#&gt;  times per night?
spam	44 7732584351, Do you want a New Nokia 3510i colour phone DeliveredTomorrow? With 300 free minutes to any mobile + 100 free texts + Free Camcorder reply or call 08000930705.
ham	tap & spile at seven. * Is that pub on gas st off broad st by canal. Ok?
ham	Ok then i come n pick u at engin?
ham	Which is why i never wanted to tell you any of this. Which is why i'm so short with you and on-edge as of late.
ham	Raviyog Peripherals bhayandar east
ham	K actually can you guys meet me at the sunoco on howard? It should be right on the way
spam	You have 1 new voicemail. Please call 08719181513.
ham	MOON has come to color your dreams, STARS to make them musical and my SMS to give you warm and Peaceful Sleep. Good Night
ham	Just finished eating. Got u a plate. NOT leftovers this time.
ham	Thanx a lot...
ham	Hurry home u big butt. Hang up on your last caller if u have to. Food is done and I'm starving. Don't ask what I cooked.
ham	Lol your right. What diet? Everyday I cheat anyway. I'm meant to be a fatty :(
ham	Its a great day. Do have yourself a beautiful one.
ham	What happened in interview?
ham	Solve d Case : A Man Was Found Murdered On  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . &lt;#&gt;  AfterNoon. 1,His wife called Police. 2,Police questioned everyone. 3,Wife: Sir,I was sleeping, when the murder took place. 4.Cook: I was cooking. 5.Gardener: I was picking vegetables. 6.House-Maid: I went 2 d post office. 7.Children: We went 2 play. 8.Neighbour: We went 2 a marriage. Police arrested d murderer Immediately. Who's It? Reply With Reason, If U r Brilliant.
ham	Badrith is only for chennai:)i will surely pick for us:)no competition for him.
ham	I tot it's my group mate... Lucky i havent reply... Wat time do ü need to leave... 
ham	Hey you around? I've got enough for a half + the ten I owe you
ham	Hey tmr maybe can meet you at yck
ham	ALRITE SAM ITS NIC JUST CHECKIN THAT THIS IS UR NUMBER-SO IS IT?T.B*
ham	They are just making it easy to pay back. I have  &lt;#&gt; yrs to say but i can pay back earlier. You get?
ham	Not to worry. I'm sure you'll get it.
ham	The gas station is like a block away from my house, you'll drive right by it since armenia ends at swann and you have to take howard
spam	Someone U know has asked our dating service 2 contact you! Cant Guess who? CALL 09058097189 NOW all will be revealed. POBox 6, LS15HB 150p 
spam	Camera - You are awarded a SiPix Digital Camera! call 09061221066 fromm landline. Delivery within 28 days
ham	My tuition is at 330. Hm we go for the 1120 to 1205 one? Do you mind?
ham	I'm not smoking while people use "wylie smokes too much" to justify ruining my shit
ham	Dear good morning how you feeling dear
ham	A little. Meds say take once every 8 hours. It's only been 5 but pain is back. So I took another. Hope I don't die
ham	Beautiful tomorrow never comes.. When it comes, it's already TODAY.. In the hunt of beautiful tomorrow don't waste your wonderful TODAY.. GOODMORNING:)
ham	Dunno lei ü all decide lor. How abt leona? Oops i tot ben is going n i msg him.
ham	Hi there. We have now moved in2 our pub . Would be great 2 c u if u cud come up.
spam	Todays Voda numbers ending 5226 are selected to receive a ?350 award. If you hava a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 1131 standard rates app 
spam	This message is free. Welcome to the new & improved Sex & Dogging club! To unsubscribe from this service reply STOP. msgs@150p 18 only
ham	Honeybee Said: *I'm d Sweetest in d World* God Laughed &amp; Said: *Wait,U Havnt Met d Person Reading This Msg* MORAL: Even GOD Can Crack Jokes! GM+GN+GE+GN:)
ham	Just do what ever is easier for you
spam	RCT' THNQ Adrian for U text. Rgds Vatian
ham	Stop calling everyone saying I might have cancer. My throat hurts to talk. I can't be answering everyones calls. If I get one more call I'm not babysitting on Monday
ham	It'll be tough, but I'll do what I have to
ham	IM GONNAMISSU SO MUCH!!I WOULD SAY IL SEND U A POSTCARD BUTTHERES ABOUTAS MUCH CHANCE OF MEREMEMBERIN ASTHERE IS OFSI NOT BREAKIN HIS CONTRACT!! LUV Yaxx
ham	Ee msg na poortiyagi odalebeku: Hanumanji 7 name 1-Hanuman 2-Bajarangabali 3-Maruti 4-Pavanaputra 5-Sankatmochan 6-Ramaduth 7-Mahaveer ee 7 name  &lt;#&gt;  janarige ivatte kalisidare next saturday olage ondu good news keluviri...! Maretare inde 1 dodda problum nalli siguviri idu matra  &lt;#&gt; % true.. Don't neglet.
ham	HI DARLIN I FINISH AT 3 DO U 1 2 PICK ME UP OR MEET ME? TEXT BACK ON THIS NUMBER LUV KATE XXX
ham	Set a place for me in your heart and not in your mind, as the mind easily forgets but the heart will always remember. Wish you Happy Valentines Day!
ham	But i'm surprised she still can guess right lor...
ham	Okie ü wan meet at bishan? Cos me at bishan now. I'm not driving today.
ham	Oh ho. Is this the first time u use these type of words
ham	HI DARLIN HOW WAS WORK DID U GET INTO TROUBLE? IJUST TALKED TO YOUR MUM ALL MORNING! I HAD A REALLY GOOD TIME LAST NIGHT IM GOIN OUT SOON BUT CALL ME IF U CAN
ham	I know you are serving. I mean what are you doing now.
ham	Huh... Hyde park not in mel ah, opps, got confused... Anyway, if tt's e best choice den we juz have to take it...
ham	Oh gei. That happend to me in tron. Maybe ill dl it in 3d when its out
spam	FREE MESSAGE Activate your 500 FREE Text Messages by replying to this message with the word FREE For terms & conditions, visit www.07781482378.com
ham	I know girls always safe and selfish know i got it pa. Thank you. good night.
ham	No worries, hope photo shoot went well. have a spiffing fun at workage. 
ham	I'm freezing and craving ice. Fml
ham	Kay... Since we are out already 
ham	Eh sorry leh... I din c ur msg. Not sad already lar. Me watching tv now. U still in office?
ham	Yo im right by yo work
ham	Ok darlin i supose it was ok i just worry too much.i have to do some film stuff my mate and then have to babysit again! But you can call me there.xx
ham	She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife,
ham	I don wake since. I checked that stuff and saw that its true no available spaces. Pls call the embassy or send a mail to them.
ham	Nope... Juz off from work...
ham	Huh so fast... Dat means u havent finished painting?
ham	 what number do u live at? Is it 11?
ham	No we put party 7 days a week and study lightly, I think we need to draw in some custom checkboxes so they know we're hardcore
ham	Sac will score big hundred.he is set batsman:-)
ham	Send me yetty's number pls.
ham	How much it will cost approx . Per month.
ham	Ok... The theory test? when are ü going to book? I think it's on 21 may. Coz thought wanna go out with jiayin. But she isnt free
spam	You are being contacted by our dating service by someone you know! To find out who it is, call from a land line 09050000928. PoBox45W2TG150P
ham	That's fine, have him give me a call if he knows what he wants or has any questions
ham	Sorry, got a late start, we're on the way
ham	Then u go back urself lor...
ham	I AM AT THE GAS STATION. GO THERE.
ham	K, if u bored up just come to my home..
ham	Babe !!!! I LOVE YOU !!!! *covers your face in kisses*
ham	Like I made him throw up when we were smoking in our friend's car one time, it was awesome
ham	Still i have not checked it da. . .
ham	You will go to walmart. I.ll stay.
ham	I haven't forgotten you, i might have a couple bucks to send you tomorrow, k? I love ya too
ham	Oh great. I.ll disturb him more so that we can talk.
ham	Reverse is cheating. That is not mathematics.
ham	U're welcome... Caught u using broken english again...
ham	No problem baby. Is this is a good time to talk? I called and left a message.
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	Oh is it! Which brand?
ham	Sorry i cant take your call right now. It so happens that there r 2waxsto do wat you want. She can come and ill get her medical insurance. And she'll be able to deliver and have basic care. I'm currently shopping for the right medical insurance for her. So just give me til friday morning. Thats when i.ll see the major person that can guide me to the right insurance.
ham	At what time are you coming.
ham	Call him and say you not coming today ok and tell them not to fool me like this ok
ham	I emailed yifeng my part oredi.. Can ü get it fr him..
ham	R u sure they'll understand that! Wine * good idea just had a slurp!
ham	Minimum walk is 3miles a day.
ham	Ok not a problem will get them a taxi. C ing  tomorrow and tuesday. On tuesday think we r all going to the cinema. 
ham	Brainless Baby Doll..:-D;-), vehicle sariyag drive madoke barolla..
ham	I don't run away frm u... I walk slowly &amp; it kills me that u don't care enough to stop me...
spam	Sorry I missed your call let's talk when you have the time. I'm on 07090201529
ham	Please attend the phone:)
ham	You only hate me. You can call any but you didnt accept even a single call of mine. Or even you messaged
ham	No messages on her phone. I'm holding it now
ham	Can... I'm free...
ham	Yo my trip got postponed, you still stocked up?
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	I am waiting for your call sir.
ham	Hey what are you doing. Y no reply pa..
ham	Hey elaine, is today's meeting still on?
ham	Sorry i've not gone to that place. I.ll do so tomorrow. Really sorry.
ham	Most of the tiime when i don't let you hug me it's so i don't break into tears.
ham	Tomorrow i am not going to theatre. . . So i can come wherever u call me. . . Tell me where and when to come tomorrow
ham	And now electricity just went out fml.
ham	Looks like you found something to do other than smoke, great job!
ham	Also andros ice etc etc
ham	:) 
ham	Good afternon, my love. How are today? I hope your good and maybe have some interviews. I wake and miss you babe. A passionate kiss from across the sea
ham	Yup. Wun believe wat? U really neva c e msg i sent shuhui?
ham	Hows that watch resizing
ham	Dear umma she called me now :-)
ham	Just finished. Missing you plenty
spam	complimentary 4 STAR Ibiza Holiday or £10,000 cash needs your URGENT collection. 09066364349 NOW from Landline not to lose out! Box434SK38WP150PPM18+
ham	Well, I meant as opposed to my drunken night of before
ham	K... Must book a not huh? so going for yoga basic on sunday?
spam	FREE MSG:We billed your mobile number by mistake from shortcode 83332.Please call 08081263000 to have charges refunded.This call will be free from a BT landline
ham	Ok can...
ham	Oops - am at my mum's in somerset... Bit far! Back tomo, see you soon x
ham	So u workin overtime nigpun?
ham	Same as kallis dismissial in 2nd test:-).
ham	O. Guess they both got screwd
spam	Please CALL 08712402972 immediately as there is an urgent message waiting for you
ham	I'm in a meeting, call me later at
ham	What r u cooking me for dinner?
ham	Ok thanx...
ham	Bull. Your plan was to go floating off to IKEA with me without a care in the world. So i have to live with your mess another day.
ham	Then i buy.
spam	URGENT! Your Mobile number has been awarded with a £2000 Bonus Caller Prize. Call 09058095201 from land line. Valid 12hrs only
ham	Heehee that was so funny tho
ham	It only does simple arithmetic not percentages.
ham	Yeah we wouldn't leave for an hour at least, how's 4 sound?
spam	As a valued customer, I am pleased to advise you that following recent review of your Mob No. you are awarded with a £1500 Bonus Prize, call 09066364589
ham	Thanks honey. Have a great day.
ham	'An Amazing Quote'' - "Sometimes in life its difficult to decide whats wrong!! a lie that brings a smile or the truth that brings a tear...."
ham	Good night my dear.. Sleepwell&amp;Take care
ham	Then ü ask dad to pick ü up lar... Ü wan 2 stay until 6 meh...
ham	Jus chillaxin, what up
ham	"HEY DAS COOL... IKNOW ALL 2 WELLDA PERIL OF STUDENTFINANCIAL CRISIS!SPK 2 U L8R."
ham	Beautiful Truth against Gravity.. Read carefully: "Our heart feels light when someone is in it.. But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it.." GOODMORNING
spam	Do you want a New Nokia 3510i colour phone DeliveredTomorrow? With 300 free minutes to any mobile + 100 free texts + Free Camcorder reply or call 08000930705
ham	Whats that coming over the hill..... Is it a monster! Hope you have a great day. Things r going fine here, busy though! 
ham	Joy's father is John. Then John is the ____ of Joy's father. If u ans ths you hav  &lt;#&gt;  IQ. Tis s IAS question try to answer.
ham	Only once then after ill obey all yours.
ham	No she didnt. I will search online and let you know.
ham	Where do you need to go to get it?
ham	No pic. Please re-send.
ham	He remains a bro amongst bros
ham	Uhhhhrmm isnt having tb test bad when youre sick
ham	But i haf enuff space got like 4 mb...
spam	LIFE has never been this much fun and great until you came in. You made it truly special for me. I won't forget you! enjoy @ one gbp/sms
spam	Do you want a new Video phone? 600 anytime any network mins 400 Inclusive Video calls AND downloads 5 per week Free delTOMORROW call 08002888812 or reply NOW
spam	As a valued customer, I am pleased to advise you that following recent review of your Mob No. you are awarded with a £1500 Bonus Prize, call 09066368470
spam	Welcome! Please reply with your AGE and GENDER to begin. e.g 24M
spam	Freemsg: 1-month unlimited free calls! Activate SmartCall Txt: CALL to No: 68866. Subscriptn3gbp/wk unlimited calls Help: 08448714184 Stop?txt stop landlineonly
spam	Had your mobile 10 mths? Update to latest Orange camera/video phones for FREE. Save £s with Free texts/weekend calls. Text YES for a callback orno to opt out
spam	Am new 2 club & dont fink we met yet Will B gr8 2 C U Please leave msg 2day wiv ur area 09099726553 reply promised CARLIE x Calls£1/minMobsmore LKPOBOX177HP51FL
ham	True. Its easier with her here.
ham	Sure but since my parents will be working on Tuesday I don't really need a cover story
ham	Haha okay... Today weekend leh... 
ham	"Hi darlin did youPhone me? Im atHome if youwanna chat."
ham	I don't know jack shit about anything or i'd say/ask something helpful but if you want you can pretend that I did and just text me whatever in response to the hypotheticalhuagauahahuagahyuhagga
ham	You've always been the brainy one.
ham	Yeah if we do have to get a random dude we need to change our info sheets to PARTY  &lt;#&gt; /7 NEVER STUDY just to be safe
spam	Camera - You are awarded a SiPix Digital Camera! call 09061221066 fromm landline. Delivery within 28 days.
ham	Christmas is An occasion that is Celebrated as a Reflection of UR... Values..., Desires..., Affections...&amp; Traditions.... Have an ideal Christmas...
ham	Sending you greetings of joy and happiness. Do have a gr8 evening
ham	"Hi darlin i cantdo anythingtomorrow as myparents aretaking me outfor a meal. when are u free? Katexxx"
ham	If india win or level series means this is record:)
ham	Then what about further plan?
ham	Its good to hear from you
ham	awesome, how do I deal with the gate? Charles told me last night but, uh, yeah
ham	What time you thinkin of goin?
spam	Get a FREE mobile video player FREE movie. To collect text GO to 89105. Its free! Extra films can be ordered t's and c's apply. 18 yrs only
spam	Save money on wedding lingerie at www.bridal.petticoatdreams.co.uk Choose from a superb selection with national delivery. Brought to you by WeddingFriend
ham	Your board is working fine. The issue of overheating is also reslove. But still software inst is pending. I will come around 8'o clock.
ham	Yes but I don't care cause I know its there!
ham	wiskey Brandy Rum Gin Beer Vodka Scotch Shampain Wine "KUDI"yarasu dhina vaazhthukkal. ..
ham	Mon okie lor... Haha, best is cheap n gd food la, ex oso okie... Depends on whether wana eat western or chinese food... Den which u prefer... 
ham	Sitting ard nothing to do lor. U leh busy w work?
ham	Its  &lt;#&gt; k here oh. Should i send home for sale.
ham	Sorry. || mail? || 
ham	Ya just telling abt tht incident..
ham	Yes we were outside for like 2 hours. And I called my whole family to wake them up cause it started at 1 am
ham	Ugh just got outta class
ham	Nowadays people are notixiquating the laxinorficated opportunity for bambling of entropication.... Have you ever oblisingately opted ur books for the masteriastering amplikater of fidalfication? It is very champlaxigating, i think it is atrocious.. Wotz Ur Opinion???? Junna
ham	I dont have any of your file in my bag..i was in work when you called me.i 'll tell you if i find anything in my room.
ham	No need lar. Jus testing e phone card. Dunno network not gd i thk. Me waiting 4 my sis 2 finish bathing so i can bathe. Dun disturb u liao u cleaning ur room.
ham	Ok. I.ll do you right later.
ham	Friendship poem: Dear O Dear U R Not Near But I Can Hear Dont Get Fear Live With Cheer No More Tear U R Always my Dear. Gud ni8
ham	Have your lunch and come quickly and open the door:)
spam	Not heard from U4 a while. Call me now am here all night with just my knickers on. Make me beg for it like U did last time 01223585236 XX Luv Nikiyu4.net
ham	I am back. Bit long cos of accident on a30. Had to divert via wadebridge.I had a brilliant weekend thanks. Speak soon. Lots of love
ham	K.. I yan jiu liao... Sat we can go 4 bugis vill one frm 10 to 3 den hop to parco 4 nb. Sun can go cine frm 1030 to 2, den hop to orc mrt 4 hip hop at 4...
spam	Bloomberg -Message center +447797706009 Why wait? Apply for your future http://careers. bloomberg.com
ham	i am seeking a lady in the street and a freak in the sheets. Is that you?
ham	My phone
ham	Haha figures, well I found the piece and priscilla's bowl
ham	Actually fuck that, just do whatever, do find an excuse to be in tampa at some point before january though
spam	URGENT! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a £800 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09050001808 from land line. Claim M95. Valid12hrs only
ham	yay! finally lol. i missed our cinema trip last week :-(
ham	All day working day:)except saturday and sunday..
ham	aathi..where are you dear..
ham	Heart is empty without love.. Mind is empty without wisdom.. Eyes r empty without dreams &amp; Life is empty without frnds.. So Alwys Be In Touch. Good night &amp; sweet dreams
ham	I think I‘m waiting for the same bus! Inform me when you get there, if you ever get there.
ham	You getting back any time soon?
ham	, how's things? Just a quick question.
ham	Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. Gud mrng
ham	I can probably come by, everybody's done around  &lt;#&gt;  right?
ham	I got it before the new year cos yetunde said she wanted to surprise you with it but when i didnt see money i returned it mid january before the  &lt;#&gt; day return period ended.
ham	I can ask around but there's not a lot in terms of mids up here
ham	Be sure to check your yahoo email. We sent photos yesterday
ham	What was she looking for?
ham	Wherre's my boytoy ? :-(
spam	Do you want a NEW video phone750 anytime any network mins 150 text for only five pounds per week call 08000776320 now or reply for delivery tomorrow
ham	Hello, my love! How goes that day ? I wish your well and fine babe and hope that you find some job prospects. I miss you, boytoy ... *a teasing kiss*
ham	Tell my  bad character which u Dnt lik in me. I'll try to change in  &lt;#&gt; . I ll add tat 2 my new year resolution. Waiting for ur reply.Be frank...good morning.
ham	No:-)i got rumour that you going to buy apartment in chennai:-)
ham	Yeah, probably earlier than that
ham	Change windows logoff sound..
ham	Still i have not checked it da. . .
ham	I'm also came to room.
ham	Huh but i got lesson at 4 lei n i was thinkin of going to sch earlier n i tot of parkin at kent vale...  
ham	Ok.
ham	I will reach office around  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . &amp; my mobile have problem. You cann't get my voice. So call you asa i'll free
ham	Cool, text me when you head out
spam	You are being contacted by our dating service by someone you know! To find out who it is, call from a land line 09050000878. PoBox45W2TG150P
spam	Wan2 win a Meet+Greet with Westlife 4 U or a m8? They are currently on what tour? 1)Unbreakable, 2)Untamed, 3)Unkempt. Text 1,2 or 3 to 83049. Cost 50p +std text
ham	Happy birthday... May u find ur prince charming soon n dun work too hard...
ham	Oh, the grand is having a bit of a party but it doesn't mention any cover charge so it's probably first come first served
ham	You said to me before i went back to bed that you can't sleep for anything.
ham	I hope you arnt pissed off but id would really like to see you tomorrow. Love me xxxxxxxxxxxxxX
spam	Dorothy@kiefer.com (Bank of Granite issues Strong-Buy) EXPLOSIVE PICK FOR OUR MEMBERS *****UP OVER 300% *********** Nasdaq Symbol CDGT That is a $5.00 per..
ham	says the  &lt;#&gt;  year old with a man and money. I'm down to my last  &lt;#&gt; . Still waiting for that check.
ham	I will come to ur home now
ham	Free any day but i finish at 6 on mon n thurs...
ham	Will you be here for food
ham	life alle mone,eppolum oru pole allalo
ham	Nite...
ham	Two fundamentals of cool life: "Walk, like you are the KING"...! OR "Walk like you Dont care,whoever is the KING"!... Gud nyt
ham	Camera quite good, 10.1mega pixels, 3optical and 5digital dooms. Have a lovely holiday, be safe and i hope you hav a good journey! Happy new year to you both! See you in a couple of weeks! 
ham	Hi Petey!noim ok just wanted 2 chat coz avent spoken 2 u 4 a long time-hope ur doin alrite.have good nit at js love ya am.x
ham	I just saw ron burgundy captaining a party boat so yeah
ham	I'm serious. You are in the money base
ham	Already one guy loving you:-.
ham	Staff of placement training in Amrita college.
ham	I always chat with you. In fact i need money can you raise me?
ham	I'm job profile seems like bpo..
ham	Well, I was about to give up cos they all said no they didn‘t do one nighters. I persevered and found one but it is very cheap so i apologise in advance. It is just somewhere to sleep isnt it?
ham	So you think i should actually talk to him? Not call his boss in the morning? I went to this place last year and he told me where i could go and get my car fixed cheaper. He kept telling me today how much he hoped i would come back in, how he always regretted not getting my number, etc.
ham	Are you willing to go for apps class.
ham	Hanging out with my brother and his family
ham	No it will reach by 9 only. She telling she will be there. I dont know
ham	Hey... are you going to quit soon? Xuhui and i working till end of the month 
ham	Im sorry bout last nite it wasnt ur fault it was me, spouse it was pmt or sumthin! U 4give me? I think u shldxxxx
ham	Try neva mate!!
ham	Yeah that'd pretty much be the best case scenario
ham	I not free today i haf 2 pick my parents up tonite...
ham	"HEY BABE! FAR 2 SPUN-OUT 2 SPK AT DA MO... DEAD 2 DA WRLD. BEEN SLEEPING ON DA SOFA ALL DAY, HAD A COOL NYTHO, TX 4 FONIN HON, CALL 2MWEN IM BK FRMCLOUD 9! J X"
ham	Should i send you naughty pix? :)
spam	You are a £1000 winner or Guaranteed Caller Prize, this is our Final attempt to contact you! To Claim Call 09071517866 Now! 150ppmPOBox10183BhamB64XE
spam	Xmas & New Years Eve tickets are now on sale from the club, during the day from 10am till 8pm, and on Thurs, Fri & Sat night this week. They're selling fast!
ham	Tyler (getting an 8th) has to leave not long after 9, can you get here in like an hour?
ham	Prepare to be pounded every night...
ham	Actually, my mobile is full of msg. And i m doing a work online, where i need to send them  &lt;#&gt;  sent msg i wil explain u later.
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	Good evening! How are you?
ham	I'm at home. Please call
ham	Oic cos me n my sis got no lunch today my dad went out... So dunno whether 2 eat in sch or wat...
ham	Mmmmm ... It was sooooo good to wake to your words this morning, my Love!! Mmmm fuck ... I love you too, my Lion ... *devouring kiss from across the sea*
ham	We are pleased to inform that your application for Airtel Broadband is processed successfully. Your installation will happen within 3 days.
ham	What happen dear. Why you silent. I am tensed
ham	I'll get there at 3, unless you guys want me to come some time sooner
ham	If you are not coughing then its nothing
ham	Ü come lt 25 n pass to me lar
ham	I'm e person who's doing e sms survey...
ham	Lol ok ill try to send. Be warned Sprint is dead slow. You'll prolly get it tomorrow
ham	Thank You meet you monday
ham	SO IS TH GOWER MATE WHICH IS WHERE I AM!?! HOW R U MAN? ALL IS GOOD IN WALES ILL B BACK MORROW. C U THIS WK? WHO WAS THE MSG 4?  RANDOM!
spam	Rock yr chik. Get 100's of filthy films &XXX pics on yr phone now. rply FILTH to 69669. Saristar Ltd, E14 9YT 08701752560. 450p per 5 days. Stop2 cancel
ham	Single line with a big meaning::::: "Miss anything 4 ur "Best Life" but, don't miss ur best life for anything... Gud nyt...
ham	I got like $ &lt;#&gt; , I can get some more later though. Get whatever you feel like
ham	Dad wanted to talk about the apartment so I got a late start, omw now
ham	I love you both too :-)
ham	Lol u still feeling sick?
ham	Din i tell u jus now 420
ham	am up to my eyes in philosophy
spam	From next month get upto 50% More Calls 4 Ur standard network charge 2 activate Call 9061100010 C Wire3.net 1st4Terms PoBox84 M26 3UZ Cost £1.50 min MobcudB more
ham	Ok lor. I'm in town now lei.
ham	I had it already..sabarish asked me to go..
ham	No da. . Vijay going to talk in jaya tv
spam	URGENT! We are trying to contact U Todays draw shows that you have won a £800 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09050000460 from land line. Claim J89. po box245c2150pm
ham	Lol I know! Hey someone did a great inpersonation of flea on the forums. I love it!
spam	Text BANNEDUK to 89555 to see! cost 150p textoperator g696ga 18+ XXX
ham	Still chance there. If you search hard you will get it..let have a try :)
spam	Auction round 4. The highest bid is now £54. Next maximum bid is £71. To bid, send BIDS e. g. 10 (to bid £10) to 83383. Good luck.
ham	Do you always celebrate NY's with your family ?
ham	We know TAJ MAHAL as symbol of love. But the other lesser known facts 1. Mumtaz was Shahjahan's 4th wife, out of his 7 wifes. 2. Shahjahan killed Mumtaz's husband to marry her. 3. Mumtaz died in her  &lt;#&gt; th delivery. 4. He then married Mumtaz's sister. Question arises where the Hell is the LOVE?:-| -The Great Hari-
ham	Its ok..come to my home it vl nice to meet and v can chat..
spam	Collect your VALENTINE'S weekend to PARIS inc Flight & Hotel + £200 Prize guaranteed! Text: PARIS to No: 69101. www.rtf.sphosting.com
ham	Sent me de webadres for geting salary slip
ham	She's fine. Sends her greetings
spam	Customer Loyalty Offer:The NEW Nokia6650 Mobile from ONLY £10 at TXTAUCTION! Txt word: START to No: 81151 & get yours Now! 4T&Ctxt TC 150p/MTmsg
ham	But you dint in touch with me.
ham	Yup, leaving right now, be back soon
spam	You won't believe it but it's true. It's Incredible Txts! Reply G now to learn truly amazing things that will blow your mind. From O2FWD only 18p/txt
ham	Yeah sure I'll leave in a min
ham	And do you have any one that can teach me how to ship cars.
ham	The sign of maturity is not when we start saying big things.. But actually it is, when we start understanding small things... *HAVE A NICE EVENING* BSLVYL
ham	Yeah confirmed for you staying at  that weekend
ham	They said ü dun haf passport or smth like dat.. Or ü juz send to my email account..  
ham	Multiply the numbers independently and count decimal points then, for the division, push the decimal places like i showed you.
ham	Have a lovely night and when you wake up to see this message, i hope you smile knowing all is as should be. Have a great morning
ham	Ard 4 lor...
ham	You are right. Meanwhile how's project twins comin up
ham	I sent your maga that money yesterday oh.
spam	Hi 07734396839 IBH Customer Loyalty Offer: The NEW NOKIA6600 Mobile from ONLY £10 at TXTAUCTION!Txt word:START to No:81151 & get Yours Now!4T&
ham	Heart is empty without love.. Mind is empty without wisdom.. Eyes r empty without dreams &amp; Life is empty without frnds.. So Alwys Be In Touch. Good night &amp; sweet dreams
spam	I am hot n horny and willing I live local to you - text a reply to hear strt back from me 150p per msg Netcollex LtdHelpDesk: 02085076972 reply Stop to end
ham	Our ride equally uneventful - not too many of those pesky cyclists around at that time of night ;).
ham	If you were/are free i can give. Otherwise nalla adi entey nattil kittum
ham	I've sent my wife your text. After we buy them she'll tell you what to do. So just relax. We should go get them this wkend.
ham	I am in escape theatre now. . Going to watch KAVALAN in a few minutes
ham	How much would it cost to hire a hitman
ham	I anything lor...
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
spam	Do you want a New Nokia 3510i Colour Phone Delivered Tomorrow? With 200 FREE minutes to any mobile + 100 FREE text + FREE camcorder Reply or Call 08000930705
ham	Huh but i cant go 2 ur house empty handed right?
ham	Good morning princess! Happy New Year!
spam	Congratulations YOU'VE Won. You're a Winner in our August £1000 Prize Draw. Call 09066660100 NOW. Prize Code 2309.
ham	Aight, we'll head out in a few
ham	Then wat r u doing now? Busy wif work?
ham	I know you mood off today
ham	Jay told me already, will do
ham	Cps is causing the outages to conserve energy.
ham	I'm not sure, I was just checking out what was happening around the area
ham	Hey morning what you come to ask:-) pa...
ham	Jordan got voted out last nite!
ham	That means you got an A in epi, she.s fine. She.s here now.
ham	I have no idea where you are
ham	Pls come quick cant bare this.
ham	Joy's father is John. Then John is the ____ of Joy's father. If u ans ths you hav  &lt;#&gt;  IQ. Tis s IAS question try to answer.
ham	Call me. I m unable to cal. Lets meet bhaskar, and deep
ham	No. I.ll meet you in the library
ham	K, my roommate also wants a dubsack and another friend may also want some so plan on bringing extra, I'll tell you when they know for sure
ham	Depends on individual lor e hair dresser say pretty but my parents say look gong. U kaypoh.. I also dunno wat she collecting.
ham	Ok c ü then.
ham	I enjoy watching and playing football and basketball. Anything outdoors. And you?
ham	Can you please ask macho what his price range is, does he want something new or used plus it he only interfued in the blackberry bold  &lt;#&gt;  or any bb
ham	Sorry sent blank msg again. Yup but trying 2 do some serious studying now.
ham	Hey check it da. I have listed da.
spam	8007 25p 4 Alfie Moon's Children in Need song on ur mob. Tell ur m8s. Txt TONE CHARITY to 8007 for nokias or POLY CHARITY for polys :zed 08701417012 profit 2 charity 
ham	I meant as an apology from me for texting you to get me drugs at  &lt;#&gt; at night
ham	That means from february to april i'll be getting a place to stay down there so i don't have to hustle back and forth during audition season as i have since my sister moved away from harlem.
ham	Goin to workout lor... Muz lose e fats... 
ham	Damn, poor zac doesn't stand a chance
ham	No message..no responce..what happend?
ham	I want to tel u one thing u should not mistake me k THIS IS THE MESSAGE THAT YOU SENT:)
ham	Yeah right! I'll bring my tape measure fri!
ham	Still chance there. If you search hard you will get it..let have a try :)
ham	Meeting u is my work. . . Tel me when shall i do my work tomorrow
ham	Should I head straight there or what
spam	Get the official ENGLAND poly ringtone or colour flag on yer mobile for tonights game! Text TONE or FLAG to 84199. Optout txt ENG STOP Box39822 W111WX £1.50
ham	Thank you princess! You are so sexy...
ham	Oooh I got plenty of those!
ham	Hui xin is in da lib.
ham	Its a big difference.  &lt;#&gt;  versus  &lt;#&gt;  every  &lt;#&gt; hrs
ham	It's not that you make me cry. It's just that when all our stuff happens on top of everything else, it pushes me over the edge. You don't underdtand how often i cry over my sorry, sorry life.
ham	"ME 2 BABE I FEEL THE SAME LETS JUST 4GET ABOUT IT+BOTH TRY +CHEER UP+NOT FIT SOO MUCHXXLOVE U LOCAXX"
ham	You know what hook up means right?
spam	Customer service announcement. We recently tried to make a delivery to you but were unable to do so, please call 07090298926 to re-schedule. Ref:9307622
ham	Wat's da model num of ur phone?
ham	He's really into skateboarding now despite the fact that he gets thrown off of it and winds up with bandages and shit all over his arms every five minutes
spam	You can stop further club tones by replying "STOP MIX" See my-tone.com/enjoy. html for terms. Club tones cost GBP4.50/week. MFL, PO Box 1146 MK45 2WT (2/3)
ham	My house here e sky quite dark liao... If raining then got excuse not 2 run already rite... Hee...
ham	Sorry, left phone upstairs. OK, might be hectic but would be all my birds with one fell swoop. It's a date.
ham	* Thought I didn't see you.
spam	wamma get laid?want real doggin locations sent direct to your mobile? join the UKs largest dogging network. txt dogs to 69696 now!nyt. ec2a. 3lp £1.50/msg.
ham	Carlos says we can pick up from him later so yeah we're set
ham	Hey babe, my friend had to cancel, still up for a visit ?
ham	As per your request 'Maangalyam (Alaipayuthe)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
ham	Hmm ill have to think about it... ok you're forgiven! =D
ham	We are hoping to get away by 7, from Langport. You still up for town tonight?
ham	Want to send me a virtual hug?... I need one
ham	Probably not, still going over some stuff here
ham	It has issues right now. Ill fix for her by tomorrow.
ham	Why i come in between you people
ham	Senthil group company Apnt 5pm.
ham	Oh really?? Did you make it on air? What's your talent?
ham	Studying. But i.ll be free next weekend.
ham	R u here yet? I'm wearing blue shirt n black pants.
ham	Wait.i will come out.. &lt;#&gt;  min:)
ham	I will reach ur home in  &lt;#&gt;  minutes
ham	Well then you have a great weekend!
ham	What are you doing in langport? Sorry, but I'll probably be in bed by 9pm. It sucks being ill at xmas! When do you and go2sri lanka? 
ham	Frnd s not juz a word.....not merely a relationship.....its a silent promise which says ... " I will be with YOU " Wherevr.. Whenevr.. Forevr... Gudnyt dear..
ham	Huh? 6 also cannot? Then only how many mistakes?
ham	Ha... U jus ate honey ar? So sweet...
ham	I'm turning off my phone. My moms telling everyone I have cancer. And my sister won't stop calling. It hurts to talk. Can't put up with it. See u when u get home. Love u
ham	Honey ? Sweetheart ? Darling ? Sexy buns ? Sugar plum ? Loverboy ? I miss you, boytoy ... *smacks your ass* Did you go to the gym too ?
ham	Thanks for loving me so. You rock
ham	Yeah imma come over cause jay wants to do some drugs
ham	Ok thanx... Take care then...
ham	Yup. Thk of u oso boring wat.
ham	 came to look at the flat, seems ok, in his 50s? * Is away alot wiv work. Got woman coming at 6.30 too.
ham	Moji just informed me that you saved our lives. Thanks.
spam	You have won a Nokia 7250i. This is what you get when you win our FREE auction. To take part send Nokia to 86021 now. HG/Suite342/2Lands Row/W1JHL 16+
ham	Whos this am in class:-)
ham	Hey r ü still online? I've finished the formatting...
ham	Great! So what attracts you to the brothas?
spam	Promotion Number: 8714714 - UR awarded a City Break and could WIN a £200 Summer Shopping spree every WK. Txt STORE to 88039 . SkilGme. TsCs087147403231Winawk!Age16 £1.50perWKsub
ham	Stupid.its not possible
ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham	LOL what happens in Vegas stays in vegas
ham	Hello, hello, hi lou sorry it took so long 2 reply- I left mobile at friends in Lancaster, just got it bak Neway im sorry I couldnt make ur bday 2 hun!
ham	When did i use soc... I use it only at home... Ü dunno how 2 type it in word ar...
ham	Dad says hurry the hell up
ham	Wake me up at  &lt;#&gt;  am morning:)
ham	I get out of class in bsn in like  &lt;#&gt;  minutes, you know where advising is?
ham	Great! I shoot big loads so get ready!
ham	I'll meet you in the lobby
ham	You still coming tonight?
ham	What happen dear tell me
ham	Sir, i am waiting for your call, once free please call me.
ham	No i am not having not any movies in my laptop
ham	I was about to do it when i texted. I finished a long time ago and showered and er'ything!
ham	Ok im not sure what time i finish tomorrow but i wanna spend the evening with you cos that would be vewy vewy lubly! Love me xxx
ham	Hello, As per request from  &lt;#&gt;  Rs.5 has been transfered to you
ham	I am in tirupur.  call you da.
spam	You are a winner you have been specially selected to receive £1000 cash or a £2000 award. Speak to a live operator to claim call 087147123779am-7pm. Cost 10p
ham	S:)but he had some luck.2 catches put down:)
ham	How i noe... Did ü specify da domain as nusstu... Ü still in sch...
ham	Oh...i asked for fun. Haha...take care. ü
ham	Shall i get my pouch?
ham	Hey loverboy! I love you !! I had to tell ... I look at your picture and ache to feel you between my legs ... Fuck I want you ... I need you ... I crave you .
ham	How is my boy? No sweet words left for me this morning ... *sighs* ... How goes you day, my love ? Did you start your studying?
ham	Kent vale lor... Ü wait 4 me there ar?
ham	Ok. Very good. Its all about making that money.
ham	Reading gud habit.. Nan bari hudgi yorge pataistha ertini kano:-)
ham	Aight do you still want to get money
spam	Free Top ringtone -sub to weekly ringtone-get 1st week free-send SUBPOLY to 81618-?3 per week-stop sms-08718727870
ham	Ok.ok ok..then..whats ur todays plan
ham	ARE YOU IN TOWN? THIS IS V. IMPORTANT
ham	Sorry pa, i dont knw who ru pa?
ham	Wat u doing there?
ham	If i not meeting ü all rite then i'll go home lor. If ü dun feel like comin it's ok.
ham	Oh, i will get paid. The most outstanding one is for a commercial i did for Hasbro...in AUGUST! They made us jump through so many hoops to get paid. Still not.
ham	I am late,so call you tomorrow morning.take care sweet dreams....u and me...ummifying...bye.
ham	Networking technical support associate.
ham	I'm gonna rip out my uterus.
ham	Cool. Do you like swimming? I have a pool and jacuzzi at my house.
spam	Thanks for your ringtone order, reference number X49. Your mobile will be charged 4.50. Should your tone not arrive please call customer services 09065989182. From: [colour=red]text[/colour]TXTstar
ham	Yeah why not, is the gang all ready
ham	Blank is Blank. But wat is blank? Lol
ham	I'm in a movie... Collect car oredi...
ham	We left already we at orchard now.
spam	Hi there, 2nights ur lucky night! Uve been invited 2 XCHAT, the Uks wildest chat! Txt CHAT to 86688 now! 150p/MsgrcvdHG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL LDN 18yrs
ham	Nothing spl..wat abt u and whr ru?
ham	No chikku nt yet.. Ya i'm free
ham	Aldrine, rakhesh ex RTM here.pls call.urgent.
ham	The search 4 happiness is 1 of d main sources of unhappiness! Accept life the way it comes! U will find happiness in every moment u live.
ham	I'm at home. Please call
ham	I guess you could be as good an excuse as any, lol.
ham	Isn't frnd a necesity in life? imagine urself witout a frnd.. hw'd u feel at ur colleg? wat'll u do wth ur cell? wat abt functions? thnk abt events espe'll cared, missed &amp; irritated u? 4wrd it to all those dear-loving frnds wthout whom u cant live.. I jst did it.. Takecare..:) GOODMORNING
ham	Gud mrng dear hav a nice day
ham	Old Orchard near univ. How about you?
ham	4 tacos + 1 rajas burrito, right?
ham	It‘s £6 to get in, is that ok?
ham	Hows the street where the end of library walk is?
ham	Plz note: if anyone calling from a mobile Co. &amp; asks u to type # &lt;#&gt;  or # &lt;#&gt; . Do not do so. Disconnect the call,coz it iz an attempt of 'terrorist' to make use of the sim card no. Itz confirmd by nokia n motorola n has been verified by CNN IBN.
ham	We stopped to get ice cream and will go back after
ham	Did you stitch his trouser
ham	No da. . Vijay going to talk in jaya tv
spam	2/2 146tf150p
ham	Hey i'm bored... So i'm thinking of u... So wat r u doing?
ham	Nah, Wednesday. When should I bring the mini cheetos bag over?
ham	Nobody names their penis a girls name this story doesn't add up at all
ham	Aight, let me know when you're gonna be around usf
ham	I'm not. She lip synced with shangela.
ham	Ü neva tell me how i noe... I'm not at home in da aft wat... 
ham	A bit of Ur smile is my hppnss, a drop of Ur tear is my sorrow, a part of Ur heart is my life, a heart like mine wil care for U, forevr as my GOODFRIEND
spam	Dear Voucher Holder 2 claim your 1st class airport lounge passes when using Your holiday voucher call 08704439680. When booking quote 1st class x 2
ham	Buzz! Hey, my Love ! I think of you and hope your day goes well. Did you sleep in ? I miss you babe. I long for the moment we are together again*loving smile*
ham	Haha... Sounds crazy, dunno can tahan anot...
ham	Why are u up so early?
ham	Ya that one is slow as poo
spam	Bloomberg -Message center +447797706009 Why wait? Apply for your future http://careers. bloomberg.com
ham	"Im on gloucesterroad what are uup to later?"
ham	Yes:)here tv is always available in work place..
spam	YES! The only place in town to meet exciting adult singles is now in the UK. Txt CHAT to 86688 now! 150p/Msg.
ham	Lol no ouch but wish i'd stayed out a bit longer
ham	GOD ASKED, "What is forgiveness?" A little child gave lovely reply, "It is d wonderful fruit that a tree gives when it is being hurt by a stone.. Good night......
ham	We'll join the  &lt;#&gt;  bus
ham	Was just about to ask. Will keep this one. Maybe that's why you didn't get all the messages we sent you on glo
spam	FREE for 1st week! No1 Nokia tone 4 ur mob every week just txt NOKIA to 8007 Get txting and tell ur mates www.getzed.co.uk POBox 36504 W45WQ norm150p/tone 16+
ham	K.i will send in  &lt;#&gt;  min:)
ham	Would me smoking you out help us work through this difficult time
spam	Someone U know has asked our dating service 2 contact you! Cant guess who? CALL 09058095107 NOW all will be revealed. POBox 7, S3XY 150p 
ham	Yes.mum lookin strong:)
ham	Sir Goodmorning, Once free call me.
ham	Where are you call me.
ham	Was gr8 to see that message. So when r u leaving? Congrats dear. What school and wat r ur plans.
ham	Love it! The girls at the office may wonder why you are smiling but sore...
ham	Hi, wlcome back, did wonder if you got eaten by a lion or something, nothing much
ham	Does uncle timi help in clearing cars
ham	I came hostel. I m going to sleep. Plz call me up before class. Hrishi.
ham	Ok... But bag again..
ham	Hi! You just spoke to MANEESHA V. We'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. Reply Toll Free with Yes or No.
ham	Ok lor. Msg me b4 u call.
spam	Mila, age23, blonde, new in UK. I look sex with UK guys. if u like fun with me. Text MTALK to 69866.18 . 30pp/txt 1st 5free. £1.50 increments. Help08718728876
ham	Once a fishrman woke early in d mrng. It was very dark. He waited a while &amp; found a sack ful of stones. He strtd throwin thm in2 d sea 2 pass time. Atlast he had jus 1stone, sun rose up &amp; he found out tht those r nt stones, those were diamonds. Moral:"Dont wake up early in d mrng'' GOOD night
spam	Claim a 200 shopping spree, just call 08717895698 now! Have you won! MobStoreQuiz10ppm
ham	Then ur physics get a-?
ham	Dear friends, sorry for the late information. Today is the birthday of our loving Ar.Praveesh. for more details log on to face book and see. Its his number + &lt;#&gt; . Dont miss a delicious treat.
ham	How r ü going to send it to me?
ham	Can you do online transaction?
ham	Dear got train and seat mine lower seat
ham	Let me know if you need anything else. Salad or desert or something... How many beers shall i get?
ham	Wat r u doing?
ham	WHORE YOU ARE UNBELIEVABLE.
spam	Want to funk up ur fone with a weekly new tone reply TONES2U 2 this text. www.ringtones.co.uk, the original n best. Tones 3GBP network operator rates apply
ham	Are you sure you don't mean "get here, we made you hold all the weed"
ham	I love you !!! You know? Can you feel it? Does it make your belly warm? I wish it does, my love ... I shall meet you in your dreams, Ahmad ... *adoring kiss*
spam	Twinks, bears, scallies, skins and jocks are calling now. Don't miss the weekend's fun. Call 08712466669 at 10p/min. 2 stop texts call 08712460324(nat rate)
ham	Love it! I want to flood that pretty pussy with cum...
ham	Hey are you angry with me. Reply me dr.
ham	Short But Cute: "Be a good person, but dont try to prove it.." .Gud noon....
ham	Also remember the beads don't come off. Ever.
ham	They have a thread on the wishlist section of the forums where ppl post nitro requests. Start from the last page and collect from the bottom up.
ham	For The First Time In The History 'Need' 'Comfort' And 'Luxury' Are Sold At Same Price In India..!! Onion-Rs. &lt;#&gt;  Petrol-Rs. &lt;#&gt;  Beer-Rs. &lt;#&gt;  SHESIL  &lt;#&gt;
ham	Feb  &lt;#&gt;  is "I LOVE U" day. Send dis to all ur "VALUED FRNDS" evn me. If 3 comes back u'll gt married d person u luv! If u ignore dis u will lose ur luv 4 Evr
ham	Actually nvm, got hella cash, we still on for  &lt;#&gt; ish?
spam	We tried to contact you re your reply to our offer of a Video Handset? 750 anytime any networks mins? UNLIMITED TEXT? Camcorder? Reply or call 08000930705 NOW
ham	It's ok, at least armand's still around
ham	No da. I am happy that we sit together na
ham	Yup song bro. No creative. Neva test quality. He said check review online.
ham	No dude, its not fake..my frnds got money, thts y i'm reffering u..if u member wit my mail link, u vl be credited  &lt;#&gt; rs and il be getiing  &lt;#&gt; rs..i can draw my acc wen it is  &lt;#&gt; rs..
ham	Dude while were makin those weirdy brownies my sister made awesome cookies. I took pics.
spam	URGENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you have won a £900 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09061701851. Claim code K61. Valid 12hours only
ham	Pls dont restrict her from eating anythin she likes for the next two days.
ham	Mm you ask him to come its enough :-)
ham	At the funeral home with Audrey and dad
ham	Aight, can you text me the address?
ham	Excellent! Wish we were together right now!
ham	Yep then is fine 7.30 or 8.30 for ice age.
ham	Pls i wont belive god.not only jesus.
ham	Can. Dunno wat to get 4 her...
ham	Not yet chikku..k, then wat abt tht guy did he stopped irritating or msging to u..
ham	How long does it take to get it.
ham	This is my number by vivek..
spam	74355 XMAS iscoming & ur awarded either £500 CD gift vouchers & free entry 2 r £100 weekly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnC
ham	sorry brah, just finished the last of my exams, what up
ham	I got arrested for possession at, I shit you not,  &lt;TIME&gt;  pm
ham	You are right though. I can't give you the space you want and need. This is really starting to become an issue. I was going to suggest setting a definite move out--if i'm still there-- after greece. But maybe you are ready and should do it now.
ham	Just normal only here :)
ham	Please protect yourself from e-threats. SIB never asks for sensitive information like Passwords,ATM/SMS PIN thru email. Never share your password with anybody.
ham	I miss you so much I'm so desparate I have recorded the message you left for me the other day and listen to it just to hear the sound of your voice. I love you
ham	Hi. I'm always online on yahoo and would like to chat with you someday
ham	Goodmorning,my grandfather expired..so am on leave today.
spam	Congratulations U can claim 2 VIP row A Tickets 2 C Blu in concert in November or Blu gift guaranteed Call 09061104276 to claim TS&Cs www.smsco.net cost£3.75max 
ham	Where are you ? What are you doing ? Are yuou working on getting the pc to your mom's ? Did you find a spot that it would work ? I need you
ham	Sure, I'll see if I can come by in a bit
ham	I agree. So i can stop thinkin about ipad. Can you please ask macho the same question.
ham	Let's pool our money together and buy a bunch of lotto tickets. If we win I get &lt;#&gt; % u get &lt;#&gt; %. Deal?
ham	Ok.
ham	I had askd u a question some hours before. Its answer
ham	Watching tv lor. Nice one then i like lor.
ham	I'm thinking that chennai forgot to come for auction..
ham	Then ü come n pick me at 530 ar?
ham	Early bird! Any purchases yet?
ham	Went to pay rent. So i had to go to the bank to authorise the payment.
ham	Erm … ill pick you up at about 6.45pm. That'll give enough time to get there, park and that.
ham	HEY MATE! HOWS U HONEY?DID U AVE GOOD HOLIDAY? GIMMI DE GOSS!x
ham	Howz pain.it will come down today.do as i said ystrday.ice and medicine.
ham	chile, please! It's only a  &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  hour drive for me. I come down all the time and will be subletting feb-april for audition season.
ham	Yes ammae....life takes lot of turns you can only sit and try to hold the steering...
ham	Yeah that's what I thought, lemme know if anything's goin on later
ham	Mmmm.... I cant wait to lick it!
ham	Pls go there today  &lt;#&gt; . I dont want any excuses
spam	Fantasy Football is back on your TV. Go to Sky Gamestar on Sky Active and play £250k Dream Team. Scoring starts on Saturday, so register now!SKY OPT OUT to 88088
ham	Can you plz tell me the ans. BSLVYL sent via fullonsms.com
ham	U in town alone?
ham	I to am looking forward to all the sex cuddling.. Only two more sleeps 
ham	We have all rounder:)so not required:)
ham	No, its true..k,Do u knw dis no. &lt;#&gt; ?
ham	Dont worry, 1 day very big lambu ji vl come..til then enjoy batchlor party:-)
ham	oh ya... Got hip hop open. Haha i was thinking can go for jazz then zoom to cine... Actually tonight i'm free leh... And there's a kb lesson tonight
spam	Free msg: Single? Find a partner in your area! 1000s of real people are waiting to chat now!Send CHAT to 62220Cncl send STOPCS 08717890890£1.50 per msg
ham	I'm ok. Will do my part tomorrow
ham	No! But we found a diff farm shop to buy some cheese. On way back now, can i call in?
ham	R u still working now?
spam	Win the newest Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (Book 5) reply HARRY, answer 5 questions - chance to be the first among readers!
ham	Yep. I do like the pink furniture tho.
spam	Free Msg: Ringtone!From: http://tms. widelive.com/index. wml?id=1b6a5ecef91ff9*37819&first=true18:0430-JUL-05
ham	Customer place, i wil cal u sir.
spam	Oh my god! I've found your number again! I'm so glad, text me back xafter this msgs cst std ntwk chg £1.50
ham	A pure hearted person can have a wonderful smile that makes even his/her enemies to feel guilty for being an enemy.. So catch the world with your smile..:) GOODMORNING &amp; HAVE A SMILEY SUNDAY..:)
ham	THATS ALRITE GIRL, U KNOW GAIL IS NEVA WRONG!!TAKE CARE SWEET AND DONT WORRY.C U L8TR HUN!LOVE Yaxxx
ham	Theoretically yeah, he could be able to come
ham	Alright we're hooked up, where you guys at
ham	not that I know of, most people up here are still out of town
ham	No let me do the math. Your not good at it.
ham	Oh ok wait 4 me there... My lect havent finish
ham	Yeah my usual guy's out of town but there're definitely people around I know
ham	I am joining today formally.Pls keep praying.will talk later.
ham	Happy or sad , one thing about past is- "Its no more" GOOD MORNING :-):-).
ham	No. Did you multimedia message them or e-mail?
ham	Okie but i scared u say i fat... Then u dun wan me already...
ham	did u get that message
ham	Sorry sir, i will call you tomorrow.  senthil.hsbc
ham	What you need. You have a person to give na.
ham	She left it very vague. She just said she would inform the person in accounting about the delayed rent and that i should discuss with the housing agency about my renting another place. But checking online now and all places around usc are  &lt;#&gt;  and up
ham	Hi juan. Im coming home on fri hey. Of course i expect a welcome party and lots of presents. Ill phone u when i get back. Loads of love nicky x x x x x x x x x
ham	Can you plz tell me the ans. BSLVYL sent via fullonsms.com
ham	Short But Cute: "Be a good person, but dont try to prove it.." .Gud noon....
ham	Gumby's has a special where a  &lt;#&gt; " cheese pizza is $2 so I know what we're doin tonight
spam	A link to your picture has been sent. You can also use http://alto18.co.uk/wave/wave.asp?o=44345
ham	Like a personal sized or what
ham	Same, I'm at my great aunts anniversary party in tarpon springs
ham	Cab is available.they pick up and drop at door steps.
ham	ok....take care.umma to you too...
ham	Unlimited texts. Limited minutes.
spam	Double Mins & 1000 txts on Orange tariffs. Latest Motorola, SonyEricsson & Nokia with Bluetooth FREE! Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/HF8
ham	No problem. We will be spending a lot of quality time together...
spam	URGENT This is our 2nd attempt to contact U. Your £900 prize from YESTERDAY is still awaiting collection. To claim CALL NOW 09061702893. ACL03530150PM
ham	Have you heard from this week?
spam	Dear Dave this is your final notice to collect your 4* Tenerife Holiday or #5000 CASH award! Call 09061743806 from landline. TCs SAE Box326 CW25WX 150ppm
ham	Yes. Last  practice
spam	tells u 2 call 09066358152 to claim £5000 prize. U have 2 enter all ur mobile & personal details @ the prompts. Careful!
ham	No. Thank you. You've been wonderful
ham	Otherwise had part time job na-tuition..
ham	Ü mean it's confirmed... I tot they juz say oni... Ok then... 
ham	Okie
ham	That depends. How would you like to be treated? :)
ham	Right on brah, see you later
ham	Waiting in e car 4 my mum lor. U leh? Reach home already?
spam	Your 2004 account for 07XXXXXXXXX shows 786 unredeemed points. To claim call 08719181259 Identifier code: XXXXX Expires 26.03.05
spam	Do you want a new video handset? 750 anytime any network mins? Half Price Line Rental? Camcorder? Reply or call 08000930705 for delivery tomorrow
ham	Went fast asleep dear.take care.
ham	No that just means you have a fat head
ham	Sounds like a plan! Cardiff is still here and still cold! I'm sitting on the radiator!
ham	Serious? What like proper tongued her
ham	She.s good. She was wondering if you wont say hi but she.s smiling now. So how are you coping with the long distance
ham	How i noe... She's in da car now... Later then c lar... I'm wearing shorts...
spam	You have an important customer service announcement. Call FREEPHONE 0800 542 0825 now!
ham	Yeah whatever lol
ham	Today is ACCEPT DAY..U Accept me as? Brother Sister Lover Dear1 Best1 Clos1 Lvblefrnd Jstfrnd Cutefrnd Lifpartnr Belovd Swtheart Bstfrnd No rply means enemy
ham	Ard 530 lor. I ok then message ü lor.
ham	Ok. C u then.
ham	Eh ur laptop got no stock lei... He say mon muz come again to take a look c got a not...
ham	No need to ke qi... Ü too bored izzit y suddenly thk of this...
ham	I wish! I don't think its gonna snow that much. But it will be more than those flurries we usually get that melt before they hit the ground. Eek! We haven't had snow since &lt;#&gt; before I was even born!
spam	FREE>Ringtone! Reply REAL or POLY eg REAL1 1. PushButton 2. DontCha 3. BabyGoodbye 4. GoldDigger 5. WeBeBurnin 1st tone FREE and 6 more when u join for £3/wk
ham	Do 1 thing! Change that sentence into: "Because i want 2 concentrate in my educational career im leaving here.."
ham	Oh really? perform, write a paper, go to a movie AND be home by midnight, huh?
ham	Okay lor... Will they still let us go a not ah? Coz they will not know until later. We drop our cards into the box right?
ham	How? Izzit still raining?
ham	As if i wasn't having enough trouble sleeping.
ham	I havent add ü yet right.. 
ham	Lol ... I really need to remember to eat when I'm drinking but I do appreciate you keeping me company that night babe *smiles*
ham	Babe ? I lost you ... Will you try rebooting ?
ham	Yes. Nigh you cant aha.
ham	I thk ü gotta go home by urself. Cos i'll b going out shopping 4 my frens present. 
ham	Nooooooo I'm gonna be bored to death all day. Cable and internet outage.
ham	Sos! Any amount i can get pls.
ham	Playin space poker, u?
ham	How come guoyang go n tell her? Then u told her?
ham	You need to get up. Now.
ham	They r giving a second chance to rahul dengra.
ham	Yeah, in fact he just asked if we needed anything like an hour ago. When and how much?
ham	WHEN THE FIRST STRIKE IS A RED ONE. THE BIRD + ANTELOPE BEGIN TOPLAY IN THE FIELDOF SELFINDEPENDENCE BELIEVE THIS + THE FLOWER OF CONTENTION WILL GROW.RANDOM!
ham	Y ü wan to go there? C doctor?
ham	Does daddy have a bb now.
spam	Free Msg: get Gnarls Barkleys "Crazy" ringtone TOTALLY FREE just reply GO to this message right now!
ham	She's borderline but yeah whatever.
ham	I got a call from a landline number. . . I am asked to come to anna nagar . . . I will go in the afternoon
ham	Until 545 lor... Ya, can go 4 dinner together...
ham	I will be gentle princess! We will make sweet gentle love...
ham	How u doin baby girl ?? hope u are okay every time I call ure phone is off! I miss u get in touch
ham	Sorry, went to bed early, nightnight
ham	I like to think there's always the possibility of being in a pub later.
ham	HMM yeah if your not too grooved out! And im looking forward to my pound special :)
ham	I got to video tape pple type in message lor. U so free wan 2 help me? Hee... Cos i noe u wan 2 watch infernal affairs so ask u along. Asking shuhui oso.
ham	Hi dude hw r u da realy mising u today
ham	Me hungry buy some food good lei... But mum n yun dun wan juz buy a little bit... 
spam	Refused a loan? Secured or Unsecured? Can't get credit? Call free now 0800 195 6669 or text back 'help' & we will!
ham	I probably won't eat at all today. I think I'm gonna pop. How was your weekend? Did u miss me?
ham	I knew it... U slept v late yest? Wake up so late...
ham	Haha... dont be angry with yourself... Take it as a practice for the real thing. =) 
ham	Where is that one day training:-)
ham	So i could kiss and feel you next to me...
ham	Have a nice day my dear.
ham	I sent lanre fakeye's Eckankar details to the mail box
ham	Your dad is back in ph?
spam	You have been specially selected to receive a "3000 award! Call 08712402050 BEFORE the lines close. Cost 10ppm. 16+. T&Cs apply. AG Promo
ham	If you ask her or she say any please message.
ham	If e timing can, then i go w u lor...
ham	Love you aathi..love u lot..
ham	I was just callin to say hi. Take care bruv!
spam	YOU HAVE WON! As a valued Vodafone customer our computer has picked YOU to win a £150 prize. To collect is easy. Just call 09061743386
ham	Did u turn on the heater? The heater was on and set to &lt;#&gt; degrees.
ham	Thanks for your message. I really appreciate your sacrifice. I'm not sure of the process of direct pay but will find out on my way back from the test tomorrow. I'm in class now. Do have a wonderful day.
ham	That's the trouble with classes that go well - you're due a dodgey one … Expecting mine tomo! See you for recovery, same time, same place 
spam	Free video camera phones with Half Price line rental for 12 mths and 500 cross ntwk mins 100 txts. Call MobileUpd8 08001950382 or Call2OptOut/674&
ham	WOT U UP 2 J?
ham	Night night, see you tomorrow
ham	Roger that. We‘re probably going to rem in about 20
ham	do u think that any girl will propose u today by seing ur bloody funky shit fucking face...............asssssholeeee................
ham	I wish u were here. I feel so alone
spam	Great NEW Offer - DOUBLE Mins & DOUBLE Txt on best Orange tariffs AND get latest camera phones 4 FREE! Call MobileUpd8 free on 08000839402 NOW! or 2stoptxt T&Cs
ham	Reason is if the team budget is available at last they buy the unsold players for at base rate..
ham	CERI U REBEL! SWEET DREAMZ ME LITTLE BUDDY!! C YA 2MORO! WHO NEEDS BLOKES
spam	ringtoneking 84484
ham	Huh i cant thk of more oredi how many pages do we have?
ham	His frens go then he in lor. Not alone wif my mum n sis lor.
ham	Nationwide auto centre (or something like that) on Newport road. I liked them there
ham	Hey, I missed you tm of last night as my phone was on the charge ... *smiles* ... I am meeting a friend shortly
ham	Whatever, juliana. Do whatever you want.
ham	Friendship is not a game to play, It is not a word to say, It doesn\'t start on March and ends on May, It is tomorrow, yesterday, today and e
spam	Ringtone Club: Gr8 new polys direct to your mobile every week !
ham	Hello. Sort of out in town already. That . So dont rush home, I am eating nachos. Will let you know eta.
ham	Ok lor. Anyway i thk we cant get tickets now cos like quite late already. U wan 2 go look 4 ur frens a not? Darren is wif them now...
spam	(Bank of Granite issues Strong-Buy) EXPLOSIVE PICK FOR OUR MEMBERS *****UP OVER 300% *********** Nasdaq Symbol CDGT That is a $5.00 per..
ham	I am on the way to ur home
ham	Dizzamn, aight I'll ask my suitemates when I get back
ham	Nimbomsons. Yep phone knows that one. Obviously, cos thats a real word
ham	I love to cuddle! I want to hold you in my strong arms right now...
ham	R u in this continent?
ham	We'll you pay over like  &lt;#&gt; yrs so its not too difficult
spam	Bored housewives! Chat n date now! 0871750.77.11! BT-national rate 10p/min only from landlines!
spam	We tried to call you re your reply to our sms for a video mobile 750 mins UNLIMITED TEXT free camcorder Reply or call now 08000930705 Del Thurs
ham	K...k...when will you give treat?
spam	This is the 2nd time we have tried to contact u. U have won the £400 prize. 2 claim is easy, just call 087104711148 NOW! Only 10p per minute. BT-national-rate
ham	He's just gonna worry for nothing. And he won't give you money its no use.
ham	Did you get any gift? This year i didnt get anything. So bad
ham	somewhere out there beneath the pale moon light someone think in of u some where out there where dreams come true... goodnite &amp; sweet dreams
ham	Well there's a pattern emerging of my friends telling me to drive up and come smoke with them and then telling me that I'm a weed fiend/make them smoke too much/impede their doing other things so you see how I'm hesitant
ham	, ow u dey.i paid 60,400thousad.i told  u would call . 
ham	IM FINE BABES AINT BEEN UP 2 MUCH THO! SAW SCARY MOVIE YEST ITS QUITE FUNNY! WANT 2MRW AFTERNOON? AT TOWN OR MALL OR SUMTHIN?xx
ham	I'm reaching home in 5 min.
ham	Forgot you were working today! Wanna chat, but things are ok so drop me a text when you're free / bored etc and i'll ring. Hope all is well, nose essay and all xx
ham	Ha... Then we must walk to everywhere... Cannot take tram. My cousin said can walk to vic market from our hotel 
spam	Wan2 win a Meet+Greet with Westlife 4 U or a m8? They are currently on what tour? 1)Unbreakable, 2)Untamed, 3)Unkempt. Text 1,2 or 3 to 83049. Cost 50p +std text
spam	Please call our customer service representative on FREEPHONE 0808 145 4742 between 9am-11pm as you have WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or £5000 prize!
ham	Discussed with your mother ah?
ham	Ok.
ham	Sorry, I can't text &amp; drive coherently, see you in twenty
spam	You will be receiving this week's Triple Echo ringtone shortly. Enjoy it!
ham	In which place i can get rooms cheap:-)
ham	Eek that's a lot of time especially since American Pie is like 8 minutes long. I can't stop singing it.
ham	"GRAN ONLYFOUND OUT AFEW DAYS AGO.CUSOON HONI"
spam	U've been selected to stay in 1 of 250 top British hotels - FOR NOTHING! Holiday valued at £350! Dial 08712300220 to claim - National Rate Call. Bx526, SW73SS
ham	University of southern california.
ham	We have to pick rayan macleran there.
ham	U gd lor go shopping i got stuff to do. U wan 2 watch infernal affairs a not? Come lar...
ham	Well. Balls. Time to make calls
ham	Wat time ü wan today?
ham	 &lt;#&gt;  in mca. But not conform.
ham	Oh ok.. Wat's ur email?
ham	Yes, princess. Are you going to make me moan?
ham	Lol its ok I didn't remember til last nite
ham	[…] anyway, many good evenings to u! s
ham	Cool, I'll text you in a few
ham	Sorry vikky, i'm Watching olave mandara movie kano in trishul theatre wit my frnds..
ham	I'm very happy for you babe ! Woo hoo party on dude!
ham	I am taking you for italian food. How about a pretty dress with no panties? :)
ham	Wot u up 2? Thout u were gonna call me!! Txt bak luv K
spam	YOU ARE CHOSEN TO RECEIVE A £350 AWARD! Pls call claim number 09066364311 to collect your award which you are selected to receive as a valued mobile customer.
ham	How are you holding up?
ham	Dont flatter yourself... Tell that man of mine two pints of carlin in ten minutes please.... 
ham	Hope you are not scared!
ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham	I'm at home n ready...
spam	Please call our customer service representative on FREEPHONE 0808 145 4742 between 9am-11pm as you have WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or £5000 prize!
ham	What time do u get out?
ham	I am literally in bed and have been up for like  &lt;#&gt;  hours
ham	Yes, my reg is  Ciao!
ham	If You mean the website. Yes.
spam	Win a £1000 cash prize or a prize worth £5000
spam	Thanks for your ringtone order, reference number X49.Your mobile will be charged 4.50. Should your tone not arrive please call customer services 09065989182
ham	Lol or I could just starve and lose a pound by the end of the day.
ham	Yeah that's the impression I got
ham	Ok ok take care. I can understand.
ham	Motivate Behind every darkness, there is a shining light waiting for you to find it... Behind every best friend, there is always trust and love... BSLVYL
ham	Ya ok, then had dinner?
ham	I was slept that time.you there?
ham	dont make ne plans for nxt wknd coz she wants us to come down then ok
ham	When is school starting. Where will you stay. What's the weather like. And the food. Do you have a social support system like friends in the school. All these things are important.
ham	Ha ha nan yalrigu heltini..Iyo kothi chikku, u shared many things wit me..so far i didn't told any body and even uttered a word abt u.. If ur trusting me so much how can i tell these to others.. Plz nxt time dont use those words to me..ok, chikku:-);-)B-)
ham	Noice. Text me when you're here
ham	Hi di is yijue we're meeting at 7 pm at esaplanade tonight.
spam	Moby Pub Quiz.Win a £100 High Street prize if u know who the new Duchess of Cornwall will be? Txt her first name to 82277.unsub STOP £1.50 008704050406 SP
spam	This weeks SavaMob member offers are now accessible. Just call 08709501522 for details! SavaMob, POBOX 139, LA3 2WU. Only £1.50/week. SavaMob - offers mobile!
ham	Aight I've been set free, think you could text me blake's address? It occurs to me I'm not quite as sure what I'm doing as I thought I was
ham	Hi dear we saw dear. We both are happy. Where you my battery is low
ham	How are you. Its been ages. How's abj
ham	Prof: you have passed in all the papers in this sem congrats . . . . Student: Enna kalaachutaarama..!! Prof:???? Gud mrng!
ham	Dont kick coco when he's down
ham	Fyi I'm gonna call you sporadically starting at like  &lt;#&gt;  bc we are not not doin this shit
spam	You are being contacted by our Dating Service by someone you know! To find out who it is, call from your mobile or landline 09064017305 PoBox75LDNS7 
spam	TBS/PERSOLVO. been chasing us since Sept for£38 definitely not paying now thanks to your information. We will ignore them. Kath. Manchester.
ham	Hope youre not having too much fun without me!! see u tomorrow love jess x
ham	Ok i wont call or disturb any one. I know all are avoiding me. I am a burden for all
ham	I've reached home n i bathe liao... U can call me now...
spam	Loans for any purpose even if you have Bad Credit! Tenants Welcome. Call NoWorriesLoans.com on 08717111821
ham	Was the actual exam harder than NBME
ham	A lot of this sickness thing going round. Take it easy. Hope u feel better soon. Lol
ham	God picked up a flower and dippeditinaDEW, lovingly touched itwhichturnedinto u, and the he gifted tomeandsaid,THIS FRIEND IS 4U
spam	87077: Kick off a new season with 2wks FREE goals & news to ur mobile! Txt ur club name to 87077 eg VILLA to 87077
ham	Hey sathya till now we dint meet not even a single time then how can i saw the situation sathya.
ham	Gam gone after outstanding innings.
ham	O i played smash bros  &lt;#&gt;  religiously.
ham	Sir, good morning. Hope you had a good weekend. I called to let you know that i was able to raise  &lt;#&gt;  from my dad. He however said he would make the rest available by mid feb. This amount is still quite short and i was hoping you would help. Do have a good day. Abiola
ham	Hurry home. Soup is DONE!
ham	No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
ham	Good afternoon, my love. It was good to see your words on YM and get your tm. Very smart move, my slave ... *smiles* ... I drink my coffee and await you.
ham	Quite ok but a bit ex... U better go eat smth now else i'll feel guilty...
spam	Orange brings you ringtones from all time Chart Heroes, with a free hit each week! Go to Ringtones & Pics on wap. To stop receiving these tips reply STOP.
ham	Lemme know when you're here
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for 07973788240 shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08715203649 Identifier Code: 40533 Expires 31/10/04
ham	He needs to stop going to bed and make with the fucking dealing
ham	How are you, my Love ? Are you with your brother ? Time to talk english with him ? *grins* Say : Hey Muhommad, Penny says hello from across the sea
spam	We tried to call you re your reply to our sms for a video mobile 750 mins UNLIMITED TEXT + free camcorder Reply of call 08000930705 Now
ham	Hey doc pls I want to get nice t shirt for my hubby nice fiting ones my budget is  &lt;#&gt; k help pls I will load d card abi hw,keep me posted luv. 2 mj
ham	I remain unconvinced that this isn't an elaborate test of my willpower
ham	"Life is nothing wen v get everything". But "life is everything wen v miss something ". Real value of people wil be realized only in their absence.... gud mrng
ham	how are you? I miss you!
ham	I ain't answerin no phone at what is actually a pretty reasonable hour but I'm sleepy
ham	Hey , is * rite u put »10 evey mnth is that all?
ham	i am going to bed now prin
ham	I think just yourself …Thanks and see you tomo
ham	If u dun drive then how i go 2 sch.
ham	I not at home now lei...
spam	GSOH? Good with SPAM the ladies?U could b a male gigolo? 2 join the uk's fastest growing mens club reply ONCALL. mjzgroup. 08714342399.2stop reply STOP. msg@£1.50rcvd
ham	Ok then i will come to ur home after half an hour
spam	U have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09058094599
ham	Do u hav any frnd by name ashwini in ur college?
ham	Jus finish my lunch on my way home lor... I tot u dun wan 2 stay in sch today...
ham	K then 2marrow are you coming to class.
spam	HOT LIVE FANTASIES call now 08707500020 Just 20p per min NTT Ltd, PO Box 1327 Croydon CR9 5WB 0870 is a national rate call
ham	Pls send me your address sir.
ham	I want to lick your pussy now...
ham	Yo, you gonna still be in stock tomorrow/today? I'm trying to get a dubsack
spam	URGENT! Your Mobile number has been awarded a <UKP>2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09061790125 from landline. Claim 3030. Valid 12hrs only 150ppm
ham	I'll see, but prolly yeah
ham	Thought we could go out for dinner. I'll treat you! Seem ok?
ham	Where are you ? What do you do ? How can you stand to be away from me ? Doesn't your heart ache without me ? Don't you wonder of me ? Don't you crave me ?
ham	Sorry. You never hear unless you book it. One was kinda a joke--thet were really looking for skinny white girls. The other was one line--you can only do so much on camera with that. Something like that they're casting on the look.
ham	What you doing?how are you?
ham	Sure thing big man. i have hockey elections at 6, shouldn‘t go on longer than an hour though
ham	Watch lor. I saw a few swatch one i thk quite ok. Ard 116 but i need 2nd opinion leh...
ham	Hiya do u like the hlday pics looked horrible in them so took mo out! Hows the camp Amrca thing? Speak soon Serena:)
ham	Babe! How goes that day ? What are you up to ? I miss you already, my Love ... * loving kiss* ... I hope everything goes well.
ham	Yunny... I'm goin to be late
ham	Doc prescribed me morphine cause the other pain meds aren't enough. Waiting for my mom to bring it. That med should kick in fast so I'm gonna try to be on later
ham	Cool, want me to go to kappa or should I meet you outside mu
ham	Hey sexy buns ! Have I told you ? I adore you, loverboy. I hope you remember to thank your sister in law for those meatballs *grins* ... i love you, babe
ham	May b approve panalam...but it should have more posts..
spam	SPJanuary Male Sale! Hot Gay chat now cheaper, call 08709222922. National rate from 1.5p/min cheap to 7.8p/min peak! To stop texts call 08712460324 (10p/min)
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	I dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
ham	Me i'm not workin. Once i get job...
ham	And by when you're done I mean now
ham	"Its Ur luck to Love someone. Its Ur fortune to Love the one who Loves U. But, its a miracle to Love a person who can't Love anyone except U..." Gud nyt...
ham	Hi baby ive just got back from work and i was wanting to see u allday! I hope i didnt piss u off on the phone today. If u are up give me a call xxx
spam	FreeMsg Today's the day if you are ready! I'm horny & live in your town. I love sex fun & games! Netcollex Ltd 08700621170150p per msg reply Stop to end
ham	Is it your yahoo boys that bring in the perf? Or legal.
ham	No need to say anything to me. I know i am an outsider
ham	have you ever had one foot before?
ham	Just got to  &lt;#&gt;
ham	Good! No, don‘t need any receipts—well done! (…) Yes, please tell . What‘s her number, i could ring her
ham	Ever green quote ever told by Jerry in cartoon "A Person Who Irritates u Always Is the one Who Loves u Vry Much But Fails to Express It...!..!! :-) :-) gud nyt
ham	Leave it wif me lar... Ü wan to carry meh so heavy... Is da num 98321561 familiar to ü?
ham	Beautiful truth : Expression of the face could Be seen by everyone... But the depression of heart Could be understood only By the Loved ones.. Gud Ni8;-)
ham	Infact happy new year. How are you where are you when are we seeing
spam	In The Simpsons Movie released in July 2007 name the band that died at the start of the film? A-Green Day, B-Blue Day, C-Red Day. (Send A, B or C)
ham	That's a shame! Maybe cld meet for few hrs tomo?
ham	Lol I would but despite these cramps I like being a girl.
ham	I cant wait for cornwall. Hope tonight isnt too bad as well but its rock night shite. Anyway im going for a kip now have a good night. Speak to you soon.
ham	Pls help me tell sura that i'm expecting a battery from hont. And that if should pls send me a message about how to download movies. Thanks
spam	Please call Amanda with regard to renewing or upgrading your current T-Mobile handset free of charge. Offer ends today. Tel 0845 021 3680 subject to T's and C's
ham	Haven't found a way to get another app for your phone, eh ? Will you go to the net cafe ? Did you take that job? Geeee I need you babe. I crave to see you ...
ham	I only work from mon to thurs but Sat i cant leh... Booked liao... Which other day u free?
ham	Ü comin to fetch us oredi...
ham	What's nannys address?
spam	URGENT!! Your 4* Costa Del Sol Holiday or £5000 await collection. Call 09050090044 Now toClaim. SAE, TC s, POBox334, Stockport, SK38xh, Cost£1.50/pm, Max10mins
ham	Haf u eaten? Wat time u wan me 2 come?
spam	Want a new Video Phone? 750 anytime any network mins? Half price line rental free text for 3 months? Reply or call 08000930705 for free delivery
ham	Yo, call me when you get the chance, a friend of mine wanted me to ask you about a big order
ham	This single single answers are we fighting? Plus i said am broke and you didnt reply
ham	It certainly puts things into perspective when something like this happens
ham	Now got tv 2 watch meh? U no work today?
ham	i felt so...not any conveying reason.. Ese he... What about me?
spam	Had your mobile 11 months or more? U R entitled to Update to the latest colour mobiles with camera for Free! Call The Mobile Update Co FREE on 08002986030
ham	How's it going? Got any exciting karaoke type activities planned? I'm debating whether to play football this eve. Feeling lazy though.
ham	I told that am coming on wednesday.
ham	Its ok, called mom instead have fun
spam	Dear Voucher Holder, To claim this weeks offer, at your PC please go to http://www.wtlp.co.uk/text. Ts&Cs apply.
ham	Well if I'm that desperate I'll just call armand again
ham	Are you at work right now ?
spam	Congrats! Nokia 3650 video camera phone is your Call 09066382422 Calls cost 150ppm Ave call 3mins vary from mobiles 16+ Close 300603 post BCM4284 Ldn WC1N3XX
ham	Haven't heard anything and he's not answering my texts so I'm guessing he flaked. That said the jb is fantastic
ham	Mmmmmm ... I love you,so much, Ahmad ... I can't wait for this year to begin as every second takes me closer to being at your side. Happy New Year, my love!!
ham	Pls what's the full name of joke's school cos fees in university of florida seem to actually be  &lt;#&gt; k. Pls holla back
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	Ok... But they said i've got wisdom teeth hidden inside n mayb need 2 remove.
ham	And pls pls drink plenty plenty water
ham	How are you doing. How's the queen. Are you going for the royal wedding
ham	He's in lag. That's just the sad part but we keep in touch thanks to skype
ham	Ok lor then we go tog lor...
ham	Two teams waiting for some players
ham	Can ü send me a copy of da report?
ham	swhrt how u dey,hope ur ok, tot about u 2day.love n miss.take care.
ham	Ok da, i already planned. I wil pick you.
spam	Urgent! Please call 0906346330. Your ABTA complimentary 4* Spanish Holiday or £10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs BOX 47 PO19 2EZ 150ppm 18+
ham	Sorry, I'll call later in meeting
ham	I just really need shit before tomorrow and I know you won't be awake before like 6
ham	I'm good. Have you registered to vote?
ham	Hmm ok, i'll stay for like an hour cos my eye is really sore!
ham	Dear got bus directly to calicut
ham	Mm umma ask vava also to come tell him can play later together
ham	Well the general price is  &lt;#&gt; /oz, let me know if/when/how much you want
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	Each Moment in a day,has its own value-Morning brings hope,afternoon brings faith,Evening brings luv,Night brings rest,Wish u find them all today.Good Morning
ham	&lt;#&gt;  w jetton ave if you forgot
ham	Ok i'm coming home now.
ham	Can not use foreign stamps in this country.
spam	Double mins and txts 4 6months FREE Bluetooth on Orange. Available on Sony, Nokia Motorola phones. Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/N9DX
ham	Sorry, it's a lot of friend-of-a-friend stuff, I'm just now about to talk to the actual guy who wants to buy
spam	FREE for 1st week! No1 Nokia tone 4 ur mob every week just txt NOKIA to 8007 Get txting and tell ur mates www.getzed.co.uk POBox 36504 W45WQ norm150p/tone 16+
spam	Want to funk up ur fone with a weekly new tone reply TONES2U 2 this text. www.ringtones.co.uk, the original n best. Tones 3GBP network operator rates apply
spam	cmon babe, make me horny, *turn* me on! Txt me your fantasy now babe -) Im hot, sticky and need you now. All replies cost £1.50. 2 cancel send STOP
ham	I will come tomorrow di
ham	Wylie update: my weed dealer carlos went to freedom and had a class with lunsford
ham	Are you happy baby ? Are you alright ? Did you take that job ? I hope your fine. I send you a kiss to make you smile from across the sea ... *kiss* *kiss*
ham	C movie is juz last minute decision mah. Juz watch 2 lar but i tot ü not interested.
ham	How are you enjoying this semester? Take care brother.
spam	IMPORTANT INFORMATION 4 ORANGE USER 0796XXXXXX. TODAY IS UR LUCKY DAY!2 FIND OUT WHY LOG ONTO http://www.urawinner.com THERE'S A FANTASTIC PRIZEAWAITING YOU!
ham	Get the door, I'm here
ham	Lets use it next week, princess :)
ham	Or i go home first lar ü wait 4 me lor.. I put down my stuff first..
ham	I want kfc its Tuesday. Only buy 2 meals ONLY 2. No gravy. Only 2 Mark. 2!
ham	No da:)he is stupid da..always sending like this:)don believe any of those message.pandy is a mental:)
ham	Oi when you gonna ring
spam	Missed call alert. These numbers called but left no message. 07008009200
ham	I attended but nothing is there.
ham	Ard 530 like dat lor. We juz meet in mrt station then ü dun haf to come out.
ham	No dear i was sleeping :-P
ham	Er mw im filled tuth is aight
ham	Will be office around 4 pm. Now i am going hospital.
ham	Actually i'm waiting for 2 weeks when they start putting ad.
ham	Anything lor if they all go then i go lor...
ham	U free on sat rite? U wan 2 watch infernal affairs wif me n darren n mayb xy?
ham	Plz note: if anyone calling from a mobile Co. &amp; asks u to type # &lt;#&gt;  or # &lt;#&gt; . Do not do so. Disconnect the call,coz it iz an attempt of 'terrorist' to make use of the sim card no. Itz confirmd by nokia n motorola n has been verified by CNN IBN.
ham	Yo you around? A friend of mine's lookin to pick up later tonight
ham	Stupid auto correct on my phone
ham	Double eviction this week - Spiral and Michael and good riddance to them!
ham	"The world suffers a lot... Not because of the violence of bad people. But because of the silence of good people!", Gud night....
ham	Ok thats cool. Its , just off either raglan rd or edward rd. Behind the cricket ground. Gimme ring when ur closeby see you tuesday.
ham	Buy one egg for me da..please:)
ham	Have you started in skye
ham	Have you bookedthe hut? And also your time off? How are you by the way?
ham	And several to you sir.
ham	U really pig leh sleep so much. My dad wake me up at 10 smth 2 eat lunch today.
ham	I'm at home. Please call
ham	My love ... I hope your not doing anything drastic. Don't you dare sell your pc or your phone ...
ham	Now only i reached home. . . I am very tired now. . I will come tomorro
spam	FREEMSG: Our records indicate you may be entitled to 3750 pounds for the Accident you had. To claim for free reply with YES to this msg. To opt out text STOP
spam	U can WIN £100 of Music Gift Vouchers every week starting NOW Txt the word DRAW to 87066 TsCs www.Idew.com SkillGame, 1Winaweek, age16. 150ppermessSubscription
ham	Life style garments account no please.
ham	Lol wtf random. Btw is that your lunch break
ham	Sez, hows u & de arab boy? Hope u r all good give my love 2 evry1 love ya eshxxxxxxxxxxx
ham	The LAY MAN! Just to let you know you are missed and thought off. Do have a great day. And if you can send me bimbo and ugo's numbers, ill appreciate. Safe
ham	Detroit. The home of snow. Enjoy it.
spam	Show ur colours! Euro 2004 2-4-1 Offer! Get an England Flag & 3Lions tone on ur phone! Click on the following service message for info!
ham	Okie...
ham	Aight, I'm chillin in a friend's room so text me when you're on the way
ham	Is toshiba portege m100 gd?
ham	Well welp is sort of a semiobscure internet thing
spam	Text PASS to 69669 to collect your polyphonic ringtones. Normal gprs charges apply only. Enjoy your tones
spam	accordingly. I repeat, just text the word ok on your mobile phone and send
ham	Loosu go to hospital. De dont let it careless.
ham	How much for an eighth?
ham	Omg Joanna is freaking me out. She's looked thru all my friends to find photos of me. And then she's asking about stuff on my MySpace which I haven't even logged on in like a year. :/
ham	Send ur birthdate with month and year, I will tel u ur LIFE PARTNER'S name. and the method of calculation. Reply must.
ham	Juz now havent woke up so a bit blur blur... Can? Dad went out liao... I cant cum now oso...
ham	How about clothes, jewelry, and trips?
spam	Block Breaker now comes in deluxe format with new features and great graphics from T-Mobile. Buy for just £5 by replying GET BBDELUXE and take the challenge
ham	Aah! A cuddle would be lush! I'd need lots of tea and soup before any kind of fumbling!
spam	important information 4 orange user . today is your lucky day!2find out why log onto http://www.urawinner.com THERE'S A FANTASTIC SURPRISE AWAITING YOU!
ham	I am late. I will be there at
ham	Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish.
ham	Are you plans with your family set in stone ?
ham	Pls dont forget to study
ham	You'll never believe this but i have actually got off at taunton. Wow
ham	Den only weekdays got special price... Haiz... Cant eat liao... Cut nails oso muz wait until i finish drivin wat, lunch still muz eat wat... 
ham	She just broke down a list of reasons why nobody's in town and I can't tell if she's being sarcastic or just faggy
ham	 &lt;DECIMAL&gt; m but its not a common car here so its better to buy from china or asia. Or if i find it less expensive. I.ll holla
ham	The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart....gn tc
ham	SORRY IM STIL FUCKED AFTER LAST NITE WENT TOBED AT 430 GOT UP 4 WORK AT 630
ham	Hey so whats the plan this sat? 
ham	Beauty sleep can help ur pimples too.
ham	Great. Hope you are using your connections from mode men also cos you can never know why old friends can lead you to today
spam	Natalja (25/F) is inviting you to be her friend. Reply YES-440 or NO-440 See her: www.SMS.ac/u/nat27081980 STOP? Send STOP FRND to 62468
ham	Where to get those?
ham	Kind of. Just missed train cos of asthma attack, nxt one in half hr so driving in. not sure where to park.
ham	Ball is moving a lot.will spin in last :)so very difficult to bat:)
ham	Haiyoh... Maybe your hamster was jealous of million
ham	Can you please send me my aunty's number
ham	I'm glad. You are following your dreams.
ham	I've reached home finally...
spam	URGENT. Important information for 02 user. Today is your lucky day! 2 find out why , log onto http://www.urawinner.com there is a fantastic surprise awaiting you !
spam	WINNER!! As a valued network customer you have been selected to receivea £900 prize reward! To claim call 09061701461. Claim code KL341. Valid 12 hours only.
ham	Wn u r hurt by d prsn who s close 2 u, do fight wit dem. Coz somtimes dis fight saves a relation bt being quiet leaves nothin in a relation.. Gud eveB-)
ham	U can call now...
ham	Science tells that chocolate will melt under the sunlight. Please don't walk under the sunlight. BCoz,I don't want to loss a sweet friend.
ham	Yes. I come to nyc for audiitions and am trying to relocate.
ham	I pocked you up there before
ham	Congrats. That's great. I wanted to tell you not to tell me your score cos it might make me relax. But its motivating me so thanks for sharing
ham	I wud never mind if u dont miss me or if u dont need me.. But u wil really hurt me wen u need me &amp; u dont tell me......... Take care:-)
ham	Hey mr whats the name of that bill brison book the one about language and words 
ham	Okay, good, no problem, and thanx!
ham	For you information, IKEA is spelled with all caps. That is not yelling. when you thought i had left you, you were sitting on the bed among the mess when i came in. i said we were going after you got home from class. please don't try and bullshit me. It makes me want to listen to you less.
ham	Call me when u're done...
ham	G.W.R
ham	You best watch what you say cause I get drunk as a motherfucker
spam	Kit Strip - you have been billed 150p. Netcollex Ltd. PO Box 1013 IG11 OJA
spam	HMV BONUS SPECIAL 500 pounds of genuine HMV vouchers to be won. Just answer 4 easy questions. Play Now! Send HMV to 86688 More info:www.100percent-real.com
spam	Please CALL 08712402578 immediately as there is an urgent message waiting for you
spam	thesmszone.com lets you send free anonymous and masked messages..im sending this message from there..do you see the potential for abuse???
spam	WELL DONE! Your 4* Costa Del Sol Holiday or £5000 await collection. Call 09050090044 Now toClaim. SAE, TCs, POBox334, Stockport, SK38xh, Cost£1.50/pm, Max10mins
ham	Hurt me... Tease me... Make me cry... But in the end of my life when i die plz keep one rose on my grave and say STUPID I MISS U.. HAVE A NICE DAY BSLVYL
ham	Erm... Woodland avenue somewhere. Do you get the parish magazine, his telephone number will be in there.
ham	Are there TA jobs available? Let me know please cos i really need to start working
ham	Aiyar hard 2 type. U later free then tell me then i call n scold n tell u.
ham	Yup i'm free...
ham	Good good, billy mates all gone. Just been jogging, again! Did enjoy concert?
ham	Yo come over carlos will be here soon
ham	Awww dat is sweet! We can think of something to do he he! Have a nice time tonight ill probably txt u later cos im lonely :( xxx.
ham	I guess it is useless calling u 4 something important.
ham	Ha ha - had popped down to the loo when you hello-ed me. Hello!
ham	He dint tell anything. He is angry on me that why you told to abi.
spam	Someone U know has asked our dating service 2 contact you! Cant Guess who? CALL 09058091854 NOW all will be revealed. PO BOX385 M6 6WU
ham	It so happens that there r 2waxsto do wat you want. She can come and ill get her medical insurance. And she'll be able to deliver and have basic care. I'm currently shopping for the right medical insurance for her. So just give me til friday morning. Thats when i.ll see the major person that can guide me to the right insurance.
ham	I keep ten rs in my shelf:) buy two egg.
ham	I wasn't well babe, i have swollen glands at my throat ... What did you end up doing ?
ham	Is ur changes 2 da report big? Cos i've already made changes 2 da previous report.
ham	Captain is in our room:)
ham	I can't speak, bcaz mobile have problem. I can listen you but you cann't listen my voice. So i calls you later.
ham	HIYA STU WOT U UP 2.IM IN SO MUCH TRUBLE AT HOME AT MOMENT EVONE HATES ME EVEN U! WOT THE HELL AV I DONE NOW? Y WONT U JUST TELL ME TEXT BCK PLEASE LUV DAN 
ham	S...i will take mokka players only:)
ham	Are you still playing with gautham?
ham	Hey mr  and I are going to the sea view and having a couple of gays I mean games! Give me a bell when ya finish 
ham	K, jason says he's gonna be around so I'll be up there around  &lt;#&gt;
ham	Sorry . I will be able to get to you. See you in the morning.
ham	Aight well keep me informed
ham	I am not having her number sir
ham	Am only searching for good dual sim mobile pa.
ham	That seems unnecessarily hostile
ham	Dude got a haircut. Now its breezy up there
spam	Congrats! 2 mobile 3G Videophones R yours. call 09061744553 now! videochat wid ur mates, play java games, Dload polyH music, noline rentl. bx420. ip4. 5we. 150pm
ham	1Apple/Day=No Doctor. 1Tulsi Leaf/Day=No Cancer. 1Lemon/Day=No Fat. 1Cup Milk/day=No Bone Problms 3 Litres Watr/Day=No Diseases Snd ths 2 Whom U Care..:-)
ham	i thought we were doing a king of the hill thing there.
ham	Nope i'll come online now..
ham	ALSO TELL HIM I SAID HAPPY BIRTHDAY
ham	Y bishan lei... I tot ü say lavender? 
ham	Boo what time u get out? U were supposed to take me shopping today. :(
ham	Now u sound like manky scouse boy steve,like! I is travelling on da bus home.wot has u inmind 4 recreation dis eve?
ham	Fyi I'm taking a quick shower, be at epsilon in like  &lt;#&gt;  min
ham	on a Tuesday night r u 4 real
ham	Yes when is the appt again?
ham	Just got outta class gonna go gym.
ham	I want to sent  &lt;#&gt; mesages today. Thats y. Sorry if i hurts
ham	Ü all write or wat..
ham	Ha! I wouldn't say that I just didn't read anything into way u seemed. I don't like 2 be judgemental....i save that for fridays in the pub!
ham	Its a valentine game. . . send dis msg to all ur friends. . If 5 answers r d same then someone really loves u. . Ques- which colour suits me the best?
ham	Hi:)did you asked to waheeda fathima about leave?
ham	Enjoy urself tmr...
ham	You still around? I could use a half-8th
spam	U 447801259231 have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09058094597
ham	You give us back my id proof and  &lt;#&gt;  rs. We wont allow you to work. We will come to your home within days
ham	Ü bot notes oredi... Cos i juz rem i got...
ham	Yes. Rent is very expensive so its the way we save.
ham	Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. Gud mrng
ham	Hows the pain dear?y r u smiling?
ham	Fun fact: although you would think armand would eventually build up a tolerance or some shit considering how much he smokes, he gets fucked up in like 2 hits
spam	important information 4 orange user 0789xxxxxxx. today is your lucky day!2find out why log onto http://www.urawinner.com THERE'S A FANTASTIC SURPRISE AWAITING YOU!
ham	Sorry, I can't help you on this.
ham	Great. So should i send you my account number.
ham	HELLOGORGEOUS, HOWS U? MY FONE WAS ON CHARGE LST NITW WEN U TEXD ME. HOPEU AD A NICE WKEND AS IM SURE U DID LOOKIN 4WARD 2 C-IN U 2MRW LUV JAZ
spam	Our dating service has been asked 2 contact U by someone shy! CALL 09058091870 NOW all will be revealed. POBox84, M26 3UZ 150p
ham	Ü only send me the contents page...
ham	Night sweet, sleep well! I've just been to see The Exorcism of Emily Rose and may never sleep again! Hugs and snogs! 
ham	Don't Think About "What u Have Got" Think About "How to Use It That You Have Got" gooD ni8
ham	I can't right this second, gotta hit people up first
ham	Evry Emotion dsn't hav Words.Evry Wish dsn't hav Prayrs.. If u Smile,D World is wit u.Othrwise even d Drop of Tear dsn't lik 2 Stay wit u.So b happy.. Good morning, keep smiling:-)
ham	So what about you. What do you remember
ham	Ujhhhhhhh computer shipped out with address to sandiago and parantella lane. Wtf. Poop.
ham	Mm yes dear look how i am hugging you both. :-P
ham	I like dis sweater fr mango but no more my size already so irritating.
ham	1 I don't have her number and 2 its gonna be a massive pain in the ass and i'd rather not get involved if that's possible
ham	Anytime lor...
spam	Do you want a new Video handset? 750 any time any network mins? UNLIMITED TEXT? Camcorder? Reply or Call now 08000930705 for del Sat AM
ham	Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng
spam	Ur balance is now £600. Next question: Complete the landmark, Big, A. Bob, B. Barry or C. Ben ?. Text A, B or C to 83738. Good luck!
ham	Me fine..absolutly fine
ham	K and you're sure I don't have to have consent forms to do it :V
spam	Ur TONEXS subscription has been renewed and you have been charged £4.50. You can choose 10 more polys this month. www.clubzed.co.uk *BILLING MSG*
spam	If you don't, your prize will go to another customer. T&C at www.t-c.biz 18+ 150p/min Polo Ltd Suite 373 London W1J 6HL Please call back if busy
ham	How much is torch in 9ja.
ham	Doing nothing, then u not having dinner w us?
ham	How are you. Just checking up on you
ham	Done it but internet connection v slow and can‘t send it. Will try again later or first thing tomo.
ham	Mathews or tait or edwards or anderson
ham	yeah sure thing mate haunt got all my stuff sorted but im going sound anyway promoting hex for .by the way who is this? dont know number. Joke
ham	No need lar i go engin? Cos my sis at arts today...
ham	Thanks honey but still haven't heard anything I will leave it a bit longer so not 2 crowd him and will try later - great advice thanks hope cardiff is still there!
spam	Do you want a New Nokia 3510i Colour Phone Delivered Tomorrow? With 200 FREE minutes to any mobile + 100 FREE text + FREE camcorder Reply or Call 8000930705
ham	, im .. On the snowboarding trip. I was wondering if your planning to get everyone together befor we go..a meet and greet kind of affair? Cheers, 
ham	S.i'm watching it in live..
ham	see you then, we're all christmassy here!
ham	K I'm ready,  &lt;#&gt; ?
ham	Do you know why god created gap between your fingers..? So that, One who is made for you comes &amp; fills those gaps by holding your hand with LOVE..!
ham	The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart....gn tc
ham	what are your new years plans?
spam	RECPT 1/3. You have ordered a Ringtone. Your order is being processed...
ham	Baaaaaaaabe! Wake up ! I miss you ! I crave you! I need you!
ham	Only just got this message, not ignoring you. Yes, i was. Shopping that is
ham	Dear :-/ why you mood off. I cant drive so i brother to drive
ham	When did dad get back.
ham	Can you tell Shola to please go to college of medicine and visit the academic department, tell the academic secretary what the current situation is and ask if she can transfer there. She should ask someone to check Sagamu for the same thing and lautech. Its vital she completes her medical education in Nigeria. Its less expensive much less expensive. Unless she will be getting citizen rates in new zealand.
ham	Yes just finished watching days of our lives. I love it.
ham	Juz go google n search 4 qet...
ham	Many times we lose our best ones bcoz we are 
ham	Good FRIENDS CaRE for each Other.. CLoSE Friends UNDERSTaND each Other... and TRUE Friends STaY forever beyond words, beyond time. Gud ni8
ham	Just getting back home
ham	Sorry, I'll call later  &lt;#&gt; mins
ham	Dun need to use dial up juz open da browser n surf...
spam	As one of our registered subscribers u can enter the draw 4 a 100 G.B. gift voucher by replying with ENTER. To unsubscribe text STOP
ham	Awesome, plan to get here any time after like  &lt;#&gt; , I'll text you details in a wee bit
ham	Take care and sleep well.you need to learn to change in life.you only need to get CONVINCED on that.i will wait but no more conversations between us.GET CONVINCED by that time.Your family is over for you in many senses.respect them but not overemphasise.or u have no role in my life.
spam	For your chance to WIN a FREE Bluetooth Headset then simply reply back with "ADP"
ham	You also didnt get na hi hi hi hi hi
ham	Ya but it cant display internal subs so i gotta extract them
ham	If i said anything wrong sorry de:-)
ham	Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish.
ham	How stupid to say that i challenge god.You dont think at all on what i write instead you respond immed.
ham	Yeah I should be able to, I'll text you when I'm ready to meet up
ham	V skint too but fancied few bevies.waz gona go meet &othrs in spoon but jst bin watchng planet earth&sofa is v comfey; If i dont make it hav gd night
ham	 says that he's quitting at least5times a day so i wudn't take much notice of that. Nah, she didn't mind. Are you gonna see him again? Do you want to come to taunton tonight? U can tell me all about !
ham	When you get free, call me
ham	How have your little darlings been so far this week? Need a coffee run tomo?Can't believe it's that time of week already …
ham	Ok i msg u b4 i leave my house.
ham	Still at west coast... Haiz... Ü'll take forever to come back...
ham	MMM ... Fuck .... Merry Christmas to me
ham	alright. Thanks for the advice. Enjoy your night out. I'ma try to get some sleep...
ham	Update your face book status frequently :)
ham	Just now saw your message.it k da:)
ham	Was it something u ate?
ham	So what did the bank say about the money?
ham	Aiyar dun disturb u liao... Thk u have lots 2 do aft ur cupboard come...
ham	Hey they r not watching movie tonight so i'll prob b home early...
ham	Yar lor... How u noe? U used dat route too?
ham	2mro i am not coming to gym machan. Goodnight.
ham	Dont think you need yellow card for uk travel. Ask someone that has gone before. If you do its just  &lt;#&gt; bucks
ham	Can u look 4 me in da lib i got stuff havent finish yet.
ham	Sounds great! Im going to sleep now. Have a good night!
spam	Don't b floppy... b snappy & happy! Only gay chat service with photo upload call 08718730666 (10p/min). 2 stop our texts call 08712460324
ham	House-Maid is the murderer, coz the man was murdered on  &lt;#&gt; th January.. As public holiday all govt.instituitions are closed,including post office..understand?
ham	How come u got nothing to do?
ham	Nothing will ever be easy. But don't be looking for a reason not to take a risk on life and love
ham	i want to grasp your pretty booty :)
ham	I've got it down to a tea. not sure which flavour
ham	I'm going 2 orchard now laready me reaching soon. U reaching?
ham	Dear i am not denying your words please
ham	You know my old Dom I told you about yesterday ? His name is Roger? He got in touch with me last night and wants me to meet him today at 2 pm
ham	COME BACK TO TAMPA FFFFUUUUUUU
ham	2 celebrate my bday, y else?
ham	Merry christmas to u too annie!
ham	Please tell me you have some of that special stock you were talking about
ham	I sent them. Do you like?
spam	Urgent UR awarded a complimentary trip to EuroDisinc Trav, Aco&Entry41 Or £1000. To claim txt DIS to 87121 18+6*£1.50(moreFrmMob. ShrAcomOrSglSuplt)10, LS1 3AJ
ham	Awesome, be there in a minute
ham	And that is the problem. You walk around in "julianaland" oblivious to what is going on around you. I say the same things constantly and they go in one ear and out the other while you go off doing whatever you want to do. It's not that you don't know why I'm upset--it's that you don't listen when i tell you WHAT is going to upset me. Then you want to be surprised when I'm mad.
ham	I've told you everything will stop. Just dont let her get dehydrated.
ham	Or I guess  &lt;#&gt;  min
ham	I'm home. Ard wat time will u reach?
ham	Storming msg: Wen u lift d phne, u say "HELLO" Do u knw wt is d real meaning of HELLO?? . . . It's d name of a girl..! . . . Yes.. And u knw who is dat girl?? "Margaret Hello" She is d girlfrnd f Grahmbell who invnted telphone... . . . . Moral:One can 4get d name of a person, bt not his girlfrnd... G o o d n i g h t . . .@
ham	If you want to mapquest it or something look up "usf dogwood drive", that's the tiny street where the parking lot is
ham	Aight should I just plan to come up later tonight?
ham	Die... I accidentally deleted e msg i suppose 2 put in e sim archive. Haiz... I so sad...
spam	Welcome to UK-mobile-date this msg is FREE giving you free calling to 08719839835. Future mgs billed at 150p daily. To cancel send "go stop" to 89123
ham	This is wishing you a great day. Moji told me about your offer and as always i was speechless. You offer so easily to go to great lengths on my behalf and its stunning. My exam is next friday. After that i will keep in touch more. Sorry.
ham	Thanks again for your reply today. When is ur visa coming in. And r u still buying the gucci and bags. My sister things are not easy, uncle john also has his own bills so i really need to think about how to make my own money. Later sha.
ham	Sorry I flaked last night, shit's seriously goin down with my roommate, what you up to tonight?
ham	He said i look pretty wif long hair wat. But i thk he's cutting quite short 4 me leh.
ham	Ranjith cal drpd Deeraj and deepak 5min hold
ham	"CHEERS FOR CALLIN BABE.SOZI CULDNT TALKBUT I WANNATELL U DETAILS LATER WENWECAN CHAT PROPERLY X"
ham	Hey u still at the gym?
ham	She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife,
ham	Much better now thanks lol
ham	Nothing, smsing u n xy lor. Sorry lor da guys neva c u in person but they sort of know u lor. So u wan 2 meet them xy ask me 2 bring u along 4 our next meeting.
ham	Lemme know when I can swing by and pick up, I'm free basically any time after 1 all this semester
ham	Wa... U so efficient... Gee... Thanx...
spam	3. You have received your mobile content. Enjoy
ham	S but not able to sleep.
spam	Want explicit SEX in 30 secs? Ring 02073162414 now! Costs 20p/min
ham	We will meet soon princess! Ttyl!
ham	I'll pick you up at about 5.15pm to go to taunton if you still want to come.
ham	Oh :-)only 4 outside players allowed to play know
ham	I anything lor.
ham	Erutupalam thandiyachu
ham	Y cant u try new invention to fly..i'm not joking.,
ham	No..its ful of song lyrics..
ham	What do u reckon as need 2 arrange transport if u can't do it, thanks
ham	True lov n care wil nevr go unrecognized. though somone often makes mistakes when valuing it. but they will definitly undrstnd once when they start missing it.
ham	Shopping? Eh ger i toking abt syd leh...Haha
ham	What not under standing.
ham	have * good weekend.
ham	Miss call miss call khelate kintu opponenter miss call dhorte lage. Thats d rule. One with great phone receiving quality wins.
ham	Call me when you get the chance plz &lt;3
ham	The new deus ex game comin early next yr
ham	My computer just fried the only essential part we don't keep spares of because my fucking idiot roommates looovvve leaving the thing running on full  &lt;#&gt; /7
ham	My friend, she's studying at warwick, we've planned to go shopping and to concert tmw, but it may be canceled, havn't seen  for ages, yeah we should get together sometime!
ham	Probably a couple hours tops
ham	LOL .. *grins* .. I'm not babe, but thanks for thinking of me!
ham	Man this bus is so so so slow. I think you're gonna get there before me
ham	Hope this text meets you smiling. If not then let this text give you a reason to smile. Have a beautiful day.
ham	In case you wake up wondering where I am, I forgot I have to take care of something for grandma today, should be done before the parade
ham	Ok
spam	Latest Nokia Mobile or iPOD MP3 Player +£400 proze GUARANTEED! Reply with: WIN to 83355 now! Norcorp Ltd.£1,50/Mtmsgrcvd18+
spam	SMS SERVICES. for your inclusive text credits, pls goto www.comuk.net login= 3qxj9 unsubscribe with STOP, no extra charge. help 08702840625.COMUK. 220-CM2 9AE
ham	Nvm take ur time.
ham	So wat's da decision?
ham	Wot is u up 2 then bitch?
ham	Stupid.its not possible
ham	She told to hr that he want posting in chennai:)because i'm working here:)
spam	Mobile Club: Choose any of the top quality items for your mobile. 7cfca1a
ham	When are you guys leaving?
ham	He neva grumble but i sad lor... Hee... Buy tmr lor aft lunch. But we still meetin 4 lunch tmr a not. Neva hear fr them lei. Ü got a lot of work ar?
ham	Not able to do anything.
ham	Ü takin linear algebra today?
ham	This weekend is fine (an excuse not to do too much decorating)
ham	Sorry I missed you babe. I was up late and slept in. I hope you enjoy your driving lesson, boytoy. I miss you too ... *teasing kiss*
ham	Now project pa. After that only i can come.
spam	Money i have won wining number 946 wot do i do next
ham	Sure, whenever you show the fuck up &gt;:(
ham	That was random saw my old roomate on campus. He graduated
spam	Congrats! 2 mobile 3G Videophones R yours. call 09061744553 now! videochat wid ur mates, play java games, Dload polyH music, noline rentl. bx420. ip4. 5we. 150pm
ham	Men always needs a beautiful, intelligent, caring, loving, adjustable, cooperative wife. But the law allows only one wife....
ham	That sucks. So what do you got planned for your yo valentine? I am your yo valentine aren't I?
ham	Just got part Nottingham - 3 hrs 63miles. Good thing i love my man so much, but only doing 40mph. Hey ho
ham	What to think no one saying clearly. Ok leave no need to ask her. I will go if she come or not
ham	Hi good mornin.. Thanku wish u d same..
ham	DO U WANT 2 MEET UP 2MORRO
ham	Actually I decided I was too hungry so I haven't left yet :V
ham	I've sent ü my part..
ham	Cos i was out shopping wif darren jus now n i called him 2 ask wat present he wan lor. Then he started guessing who i was wif n he finally guessed darren lor.
spam	I want some cock! My hubby's away, I need a real man 2 satisfy me. Txt WIFE to 89938 for no strings action. (Txt STOP 2 end, txt rec £1.50ea. OTBox 731 LA1 7WS. )
ham	Understand. his loss is my gain :) so do you work? School?
ham	HOW ARE U? I HAVE MISSED U! I HAVENT BEEN UP 2 MUCH A BIT BORED WITH THE HOLIDAY WANT 2 GO BAK 2 COLLEGE! SAD ISNT IT?xx
ham	Hiya, probably coming home * weekend after next
ham	Don't forget though that I love you .... And I walk beside you. Watching over you and keeping your heart warm.
ham	I wish things were different. I wonder when i will be able to show you how much i value you. Pls continue the brisk walks no drugs without askin me please and find things to laugh about. I love you dearly.
ham	Ok both our days. So what are you making for dinner tonite? Am I invited?
spam	Gr8 new service - live sex video chat on your mob - see the sexiest dirtiest girls live on ur phone - 4 details text horny to 89070 to cancel send STOP to 89070
ham	I have no money 4 steve mate! !
ham	IM LATE TELLMISS IM ON MY WAY
ham	Never blame a day in ur life. Good days give u happiness. Bad days give u experience. Both are essential in life! All are Gods blessings! good morning.:
ham	Normally i use to drink more water daily:)
ham	Dare i ask... Any luck with sorting out the car?
ham	Party's at my place at usf, no charge (but if you can contribute in any way it is greatly appreciated) and yeah, we got room for one more
ham	Urgh, coach hot, smells of chip fat! Thanks again, especially for the duvet (not a predictive text word).
ham	Hiya. How was last night? I've been naughty and bought myself clothes and very little ... Ready for more shopping tho! What kind of time do you wanna meet?
spam	FreeMsg Hi baby wow just got a new cam moby. Wanna C a hot pic? or Fancy a chat?Im w8in 4uTxt / rply CHAT to 82242 Hlp 08712317606 Msg150p 2rcv
ham	I've been trying to reach him without success
ham	when you and derek done with class?
ham	Never y lei... I v lazy... Got wat? Dat day ü send me da url cant work one...
ham	Never try alone to take the weight of a tear that comes out of ur heart and falls through ur eyes... Always remember a STUPID FRIEND is here to share... BSLVYL
ham	Hey mate. Spoke to the mag people. We‘re on.  the is deliver by the end of the month. Deliver on the 24th sept. Talk later. 
ham	Hope you are having a good week. Just checking in
ham	Haha, my friend tyler literally just asked if you could get him a dubsack
ham	"Hey! do u fancy meetin me at 4 at cha  hav a lil beverage on me. if not txt or ring me and we can meet up l8r. quite tired got in at 3 v.pist ;) love Pete x x x"
ham	Great. Have a safe trip. Dont panic surrender all.
ham	"SYMPTOMS" when U are in love: "1.U like listening songs 2.U get stopped where u see the name of your beloved 3.U won't get angry when your
ham	Sun ah... Thk mayb can if dun have anythin on... Thk have to book e lesson... E pilates is at orchard mrt u noe hor...  
ham	Try to do something dear. You read something for exams
ham	7 wonders in My WORLD 7th You 6th Ur style 5th Ur smile 4th Ur Personality 3rd Ur Nature 2nd Ur SMS and 1st "Ur Lovely Friendship"... good morning dear
ham	Gettin rdy to ship comp
ham	I am in hospital da. . I will return home in evening
ham	PISS IS TALKING IS SOMEONE THAT REALISE U THAT POINT THIS AT IS IT.(NOW READ IT BACKWARDS)
ham	Think + da. You wil do.
ham	I'm awake oh. What's up.
ham	Good afternoon my boytoy. How goes that walking here and there day ? Did you get that police abstract? Are you still out and about? I wake and miss you babe
ham	How much u trying to get?
ham	Come around  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; pm vikky..i'm otside nw, il come by tht time
ham	Tell me again what your address is
ham	Honeybee Said: *I'm d Sweetest in d World* God Laughed &amp; Said: *Wait,U Havnt Met d Person Reading This Msg* MORAL: Even GOD Can Crack Jokes! GM+GN+GE+GN:)
ham	Should i buy him a blackberry bold 2 or torch. Should i buy him new or used. Let me know. Plus are you saying i should buy the  &lt;#&gt; g wifi ipad. And what are you saying about the about the  &lt;#&gt; g?
ham	But you were together so you should be thinkin about him
ham	hiya hows it going in sunny africa? hope u r avin a good time. give that big old silver back a big kiss from me.
ham	At WHAT TIME should i come tomorrow
spam	Wanna have a laugh? Try CHIT-CHAT on your mobile now! Logon by txting the word: CHAT and send it to No: 8883 CM PO Box 4217 London W1A 6ZF 16+ 118p/msg rcvd
ham	"CHA QUITEAMUZING THATSCOOL BABE,PROBPOP IN & CU SATTHEN HUNNY 4BREKKIE! LOVE JEN XXX. PSXTRA LRG PORTIONS 4 ME PLEASE "
ham	Omg how did u know what I ate?
spam	"URGENT! This is the 2nd attempt to contact U!U have WON £1000CALL 09071512432 b4 300603t&csBCM4235WC1N3XX.callcost150ppmmobilesvary. max£7. 50"
ham	:( but your not here....
ham	Not directly behind... Abt 4 rows behind ü...
spam	Congratulations ur awarded 500 of CD vouchers or 125gift guaranteed & Free entry 2 100 wkly draw txt MUSIC to 87066
spam	Had your contract mobile 11 Mnths? Latest Motorola, Nokia etc. all FREE! Double Mins & Text on Orange tariffs. TEXT YES for callback, no to remove from records
spam	Urgent! call 09066350750 from your landline. Your complimentary 4* Ibiza Holiday or 10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs PO BOX 434 SK3 8WP 150 ppm 18+
ham	No plans yet. What are you doing ?
ham	Hi ....My engagement has been fixd on  &lt;#&gt; th of next month. I know its really shocking bt....hmm njan vilikkam....t ws al of a sudn;-(.
ham	Not course. Only maths one day one chapter with in one month we can finish.
ham	Wow didn't think it was that common. I take it all back ur not a freak! Unless u chop it off:-)
spam	For ur chance to win a £250 wkly shopping spree TXT: SHOP to 80878. T's&C's www.txt-2-shop.com custcare 08715705022, 1x150p/wk
ham	Noooooooo please. Last thing I need is stress. For once in your life be fair.
spam	U have a Secret Admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09065171142-stopsms-08718727870150ppm
spam	Mila, age23, blonde, new in UK. I look sex with UK guys. if u like fun with me. Text MTALK to 69866.18 . 30pp/txt 1st 5free. £1.50 increments. Help08718728876
ham	I'll see if I can swing by in a bit, got some things to take care of here firsg
ham	I wanted to wish you a Happy New Year and I wanted to talk to you about some legal advice to do with when Gary and I split but in person. I'll make a trip to Ptbo for that. I hope everything is good with you babe and I love ya :)
ham	Have you not finished work yet or something?
ham	Tomorrow i am not going to theatre. . . So i can come wherever u call me. . . Tell me where and when to come tomorrow
spam	Well done ENGLAND! Get the official poly ringtone or colour flag on yer mobile! text TONE or FLAG to 84199 NOW! Opt-out txt ENG STOP. Box39822 W111WX £1.50
ham	Right it wasnt you who phoned it was someone with a number like yours!
ham	It's ok i wun b angry. Msg u aft i come home tonight.
ham	I had a good time too. Its nice to do something a bit different with my weekends for a change. See ya soon
ham	Yo sorry was in the shower sup
ham	Carlos is down but I have to pick it up from him, so I'll swing by usf in a little bit
ham	Full heat pa:-) i have applyed oil pa.
ham	I'm stuck in da middle of da row on da right hand side of da lt... 
ham	Have you laid your airtel line to rest?
ham	Hi did u decide wot 2 get 4 his bday if not ill prob jus get him a voucher frm virgin or sumfing 
spam	FreeMsg: Txt: CALL to No: 86888 & claim your reward of 3 hours talk time to use from your phone now! Subscribe6GBP/mnth inc 3hrs 16 stop?txtStop
ham	"Hey j! r u feeling any better, hopeSo hunny. i amnow feelin ill & ithink i may have tonsolitusaswell! damn iam layin in bedreal bored. lotsof luv me xxxx"
ham	And I don't plan on staying the night but I prolly won't be back til late
ham	THANX 4 PUTTIN DA FONE DOWN ON ME!!
ham	I need an 8th but I'm off campus atm, could I pick up in an hour or two?
ham	Oh... Haha... Den we shld had went today too... Gee, nvm la... Kaiez, i dun mind goin jazz oso... Scared hiphop open cant catch up... 
ham	Been running but only managed 5 minutes and then needed oxygen! Might have to resort to the roller option!
ham	We live in the next  &lt;#&gt; mins
ham	Y de asking like this.
ham	Just glad to be talking to you.
ham	Wat time ü finish?
ham	Sorry da. I gone mad so many pending works what to do.
ham	How much you got for cleaning
ham	hows my favourite person today? r u workin hard? couldn't sleep again last nite nearly rang u at 4.30
spam	Sunshine Quiz! Win a super Sony DVD recorder if you canname the capital of Australia? Text MQUIZ to 82277. B
ham	Ü called dad oredi...
ham	Good. do you think you could send me some pix? I would love to see your top and bottom...
ham	Nvm... I'm going to wear my sport shoes anyway... I'm going to be late leh.
ham	Sorry, I'll call later In meeting.
ham	THIS IS A LONG FUCKIN SHOWR
ham	Received, understood n acted upon!
ham	They finally came to fix the ceiling.
ham	U need my presnts always bcz U cant mis love. "jeevithathile irulinae neekunna prakasamanu sneham" prakasam ennal prabha 'That mns prabha is'LOVE' Got it. Dont mis me....
ham	Jus finish blowing my hair. U finish dinner already?
ham	I'm on the bus. Love you
ham	Lol ... I knew that .... I saw him in the dollar store
spam	Please call our customer service representative on 0800 169 6031 between 10am-9pm as you have WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or £5000 prize!
spam	Todays Voda numbers ending with 7634 are selected to receive a £350 reward. If you have a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 7684 standard rates apply.
ham	Only saturday and sunday holiday so its very difficult:)
ham	Everybody had fun this evening. Miss you.
ham	Got hella gas money, want to go on a grand nature adventure with galileo in a little bit?
ham	I'm in a meeting, call me later at
ham	Oh wow thats gay. Will firmware update help
ham	These won't do. Have to move on to morphine
ham	How come i din c ü... Yup i cut my hair...
ham	K k pa Had your lunch aha.
ham	Oh ho. Is this the first time u use these type of words
ham	Captain vijaykanth is doing comedy in captain tv..he is drunken :)
ham	Of course. I guess god's just got me on hold right now.
ham	Do you hide anythiing or keeping distance from me
ham	Havent.
spam	You are being ripped off! Get your mobile content from www.clubmoby.com call 08717509990 poly/true/Pix/Ringtones/Games six downloads for only 3
ham	Sorry i din lock my keypad.
ham	Did u got that persons story
ham	Are you planning to come chennai?
spam	We tried to contact you re your reply to our offer of a Video Phone 750 anytime any network mins Half Price Line Rental Camcorder Reply or call 08000930705
ham	God created gap btwn ur fingers so dat sum1 vry special will fill those gaps by holding ur hands.. Now plz dont ask y he created so much gap between legs !!!
ham	We are okay. Going to sleep now. Later
ham	Please protect yourself from e-threats. SIB never asks for sensitive information like Passwords,ATM/SMS PIN thru email. Never share your password with anybody.
ham	Finally it has happened..! Aftr decades..! BEER is now cheaper than PETROL! The goverment expects us to "DRINK". . . But don't "DRIVE "
spam	A £400 XMAS REWARD IS WAITING FOR YOU! Our computer has randomly picked you from our loyal mobile customers to receive a £400 reward. Just call 09066380611 
ham	Where r e meeting tmr?
ham	Lol yes. But it will add some spice to your day.
ham	Hope you are having a great day.
ham	Our Prasanth ettans mother passed away last night. Just pray for her and family.
ham	K, I'll work something out
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08718738002 Identifier Code: 48922 Expires 21/11/04
ham	This message is from a great Doctor in India:-): 1) Do not drink APPY FIZZ. It contains Cancer causing age
ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham	You call him and tell now infront of them. Call him now.
ham	Ok no prob...
ham	Ladies first and genus second k .
ham	No. Yes please. Been swimming?
ham	Mum not going robinson already.
ham	Ok set let u noe e details later...
ham	Not..tel software name..
ham	I send the print  outs da.
ham	IM REALY SOZ IMAT MY MUMS 2NITE WHAT ABOUT 2MORO 
ham	When I was born, GOD said, "Oh No! Another IDIOT". When you were born, GOD said, "OH No! COMPETITION". Who knew, one day these two will become FREINDS FOREVER!
ham	I didnt get ur full msg..sometext is missing, send it again
ham	Probably not, I'm almost out of gas and I get some cash tomorrow
spam	Customer service announcement. We recently tried to make a delivery to you but were unable to do so, please call 07099833605 to re-schedule. Ref:9280114
ham	I forgot 2 ask ü all smth.. There's a card on da present lei... How? Ü all want 2 write smth or sign on it?
ham	I'm leaving my house now.
spam	Hi babe its Chloe, how r u? I was smashed on saturday night, it was great! How was your weekend? U been missing me? SP visionsms.com Text stop to stop 150p/text
ham	Ü ready then call me...
ham	Wewa is 130. Iriver 255. All 128 mb.
ham	It is a good thing I'm now getting the connection to bw
ham	Sry da..jst nw only i came to home..
ham	That's cool he'll be here all night, lemme know when you're around
ham	Are you staying in town ?
ham	Haha yeah, 2 oz is kind of a shitload
ham	Ok u can take me shopping when u get paid =D
ham	My life Means a lot to me, Not because I love my life, But because I love the people in my life, The world calls them friends, I call them my World:-).. Ge:-)..
ham	Alright we'll bring it to you, see you in like  &lt;#&gt;  mins
ham	But pls dont play in others life.
ham	Eatin my lunch...
ham	Hmmm.but you should give it on one day..
ham	Didn't try, g and I decided not to head out
ham	Ok no prob
ham	Surly ill give it to you:-) while coming to review.
ham	By march ending, i should be ready. But will call you for sure. The problem is that my capital never complete. How far with you. How's work and the ladies
ham	Tessy..pls do me a favor. Pls convey my birthday wishes to Nimya..pls dnt forget it. Today is her birthday Shijas
ham	Pls give her the food preferably pap very slowly with loads of sugar. You can take up to an hour to give it. And then some water. Very very slowly.
spam	URGENT! Your Mobile No 07808726822 was awarded a £2,000 Bonus Caller Prize on 02/09/03! This is our 2nd attempt to contact YOU! Call 0871-872-9758 BOX95QU
ham	A guy who gets used but is too dumb to realize it.
ham	Okey dokey, i‘ll be over in a bit just sorting some stuff out.
ham	Don no da:)whats you plan?
ham	Yes fine 
spam	WIN: We have a winner! Mr. T. Foley won an iPod! More exciting prizes soon, so keep an eye on ur mobile or visit www.win-82050.co.uk
ham	I liked the new mobile
ham	Anytime...
ham	Mmmmmmm *snuggles into you* ...*deep contented sigh* ... *whispers* ... I fucking love you so much I can barely stand it ...
ham	Yar but they say got some error.
ham	Hey anyway i have to :-)
ham	Wow so healthy. Old airport rd lor. Cant thk of anything else. But i'll b bathing my dog later.
ham	Wif my family booking tour package.
ham	Did you say bold, then torch later. Or one torch and 2bold?
ham	Haha awesome, I might need to take you up on that, what you doin tonight?
ham	Ya i knw u vl giv..its ok thanks kano..anyway enjoy wit ur family wit 1st salary..:-);-)
ham	Huh so slow i tot u reach long ago liao... U 2 more days only i 4 more leh...
ham	Thats cool princess! I will cover your face in hot sticky cum :)
ham	Big brother‘s really scraped the barrel with this shower of social misfits
ham	Oops i thk i dun haf enuff... I go check then tell ü..
ham	S:)8 min to go for lunch:)
ham	Hey. What happened? U switch off ur cell d whole day. This isnt good. Now if u do care, give me a call tomorrow.
ham	K will do, addie &amp; I are doing some art so I'll be here when you get home
ham	My uncles in Atlanta. Wish you guys a great semester.
ham	Aiyo... Her lesson so early... I'm still sleepin, haha... Okie, u go home liao den confirm w me lor...
ham	Forgot to tell ü smth.. Can ü like number the sections so that it's clearer..
ham	Yup. Anything lor, if u dun wan it's ok...
ham	I'm home, my love ... If your still awake ... *loving kiss*
ham	HELLO PEACH! MY CAKE TASTS LUSH!
spam	FREE GAME. Get Rayman Golf 4 FREE from the O2 Games Arcade. 1st get UR games settings. Reply POST, then save & activ8. Press 0 key for Arcade. Termsapply
ham	There'll be a minor shindig at my place later tonight, you interested?
ham	Jason says it's cool if we pick some up from his place in like an hour
spam	Had your mobile 10 mths? Update to the latest Camera/Video phones for FREE. KEEP UR SAME NUMBER, Get extra free mins/texts. Text YES for a call
ham	I (Career Tel) have added u as a contact on INDYAROCKS.COM to send FREE SMS. To remove from phonebook - sms NO to  &lt;#&gt;
ham	I've reached already.
ham	I dont know ask to my brother. Nothing problem some thing that. Just i told .
ham	K:)eng rocking in ashes:)
ham	Wat time r ü going to xin's hostel?
ham	Good Morning my Dear Shijutta........... Have a great &amp; successful day.
spam	Buy Space Invaders 4 a chance 2 win orig Arcade Game console. Press 0 for Games Arcade (std WAP charge) See o2.co.uk/games 4 Terms + settings. No purchase
ham	Oh k:)after that placement there ah?
ham	Not for possession, especially not first offense
ham	Nt only for driving even for many reasons she is called BBD..thts it chikku, then hw abt dvg cold..heard tht vinobanagar violence hw is the condition..and hw ru ? Any problem?
ham	I bought the test yesterday. Its something that lets you know the exact day u ovulate.when will get 2u in about 2 to 3wks. But pls pls dont fret. I know u r worried. Pls relax. Also is there anything in ur past history u need to tell me?
ham	We have pizza if u want
ham	I keep seeing weird shit and bein all "woah" then realising it's actually reasonable and I'm all "oh"
ham	Many more happy returns of the day. I wish you happy birthday.
ham	Ya very nice. . .be ready on thursday
ham	I am in hospital da. . I will return home in evening
ham	"Thinking of u ;) x"
spam	Camera - You are awarded a SiPix Digital Camera! call 09061221066 fromm landline. Delivery within 28 days.
ham	Orh i tot u say she now still dun believe.
ham	When you just put in the + sign, choose my number and the pin will show. Right?
ham	The beauty of life is in next second.. which hides thousands of secrets. I wish every second will be wonderful in ur life...!! gud n8
ham	Thanx u darlin!im cool thanx. A few bday drinks 2 nite. 2morrow off! Take care c u soon.xxx
ham	If you're still up, maybe leave the credit card so I can get gas when I get back like he told me to
spam	Your weekly Cool-Mob tones are ready to download !This weeks new Tones include: 1) Crazy Frog-AXEL F>>> 2) Akon-Lonely>>> 3) Black Eyed-Dont P >>>More info in n
ham	Well boy am I glad G wasted all night at applebees for nothing
spam	Cashbin.co.uk (Get lots of cash this weekend!) www.cashbin.co.uk Dear Welcome to the weekend We have got our biggest and best EVER cash give away!! These..
ham	Ok lor... Or u wan me go look 4 u?
ham	U wan 2 haf lunch i'm in da canteen now.
ham	Don't make life too stressfull.. Always find time to Laugh.. It may not add years to your Life! But surely adds more life to ur years!! Gud ni8..swt dreams..
ham	hey, looks like I was wrong and one of the kappa guys numbers is still on my phone, if you want I can text him and see if he's around
spam	URGENT! Your Mobile number has been awarded with a £2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09061790121 from land line. Claim 3030. Valid 12hrs only 150ppm
spam	Thanks 4 your continued support Your question this week will enter u in2 our draw 4 £100 cash. Name the NEW US President? txt ans to 80082
ham	I'm home. Doc gave me pain meds says everything is fine.
ham	It's é only $140 ard...É rest all ard $180 at least...Which is é price 4 é 2 bedrm ($900)
ham	Me too! Have a lovely night xxx
ham	Prepare to be pleasured :)
ham	Hi.:)technical support.providing assistance to us customer through call and email:)
ham	if you text on your way to cup stop that should work. And that should be BUS
ham	Whens your radio show?
spam	Your unique user ID is 1172. For removal send STOP to 87239 customer services 08708034412
ham	I'm not sure if its still available though
ham	watever reLation u built up in dis world only thing which remains atlast iz lonlines with lotz n lot memories! feeling..
ham	CHEERS LOU! YEAH WAS A GOODNITE SHAME U NEVA CAME! C YA GAILxx
ham	Hi..i got the money da:)
ham	Hi, Mobile no.  &lt;#&gt;  has added you in their contact list on www.fullonsms.com It s a great place to send free sms to people For more visit fullonsms.com
ham	Ok then u tell me wat time u coming later lor.
ham	U repeat e instructions again. Wat's e road name of ur house?
ham	So many people seems to be special at first sight, But only very few will remain special to you till your last sight.. Maintain them till life ends.. Sh!jas
ham	Quite lor. But dun tell him wait he get complacent...
ham	Sorry completely forgot * will pop em round this week if your still here?
ham	U R THE MOST BEAUTIFUL GIRL IVE EVER SEEN. U R MY BABY COME AND C ME IN THE COMMON ROOM
ham	O we cant see if we can join denis and mina? Or does denis want alone time
ham	Sen told that he is going to join his uncle finance in cbe
ham	Yup... Hey then one day on fri we can ask miwa and jiayin take leave go karaoke 
ham	Call me, i am senthil from hsbc.
ham	Especially since i talk about boston all up in my personal statement, lol! I woulda changed that if i had realized it said nyc! It says boston now.
ham	Indeed and by the way it was either or - not both !
spam	Urgent -call 09066649731from Landline. Your complimentary 4* Ibiza Holiday or £10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs PO BOX 434 SK3 8WP 150ppm 18+
ham	Holy living christ what is taking you so long
ham	Ü thk of wat to eat tonight.
ham	Thanx. Yup we coming back on sun. Finish dinner going back 2 hotel now. Time flies, we're tog 4 exactly a mth today. Hope we'll haf many more mths to come...
ham	We're on the opposite side from where we dropped you off
ham	Yup. Izzit still raining heavily cos i'm in e mrt i can't c outside.
ham	Send me your resume:-)
ham	Gd luck 4 ur exams :-)
ham	Or u ask they all if next sat can a not. If all of them can make it then i'm ok lor.
ham	Sorry that was my uncle. I.ll keep in touch
ham	Saw Guys and Dolls last night with Patrick Swayze it was great
spam	URGENT This is our 2nd attempt to contact U. Your £900 prize from YESTERDAY is still awaiting collection. To claim CALL NOW 09061702893
spam	Santa calling! Would your little ones like a call from Santa Xmas Eve? Call 09077818151 to book you time. Calls1.50ppm last 3mins 30s T&C www.santacalling.com
ham	Just come home. I don't want u to be miserable
ham	I dont know why she.s not getting your messages
ham	its cool but tyler had to take off so we're gonna buy for him and drop it off at his place later tonight. Our total order is a quarter, you got enough?
ham	The guy at the car shop who was flirting with me got my phone number from the paperwork and called and texted me. I'm nervous because of course now he may have my address. Should i call his boss and tell him, knowing this may get him fired?
ham	Reverse is cheating. That is not mathematics.
ham	How do you plan to manage that
ham	Er, hello, things didn‘t quite go to plan – is limping slowly home followed by aa and with exhaust hanging off
ham	Sorry for the delay. Yes masters
ham	Call me when u finish then i come n pick u.
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2004 Account Statement for 078498****7 shows 786 unredeemed Bonus Points. To claim call 08719180219 Identifier Code: 45239 Expires 06.05.05
ham	What's up my own oga. Left my phone at home and just saw ur messages. Hope you are good. Have a great weekend.
ham	Don't worry though, I understand how important it is that I be put in my place with a poorly thought out punishment in the face of the worst thing that has ever happened to me. Brb gonna go kill myself
ham	Honey, can you pls find out how much they sell Predicte in Nigeria. And how many times can it be used. Its very important to have a reply before monday
ham	E admin building there? I might b slightly earlier... I'll call u when i'm reaching...
ham	fyi I'm at usf now, swing by the room whenever
ham	i can call in  &lt;#&gt;  min if thats ok
ham	Ummmmmaah Many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY dear
ham	Ü no home work to do meh... 
ham	Anything is valuable in only 2 situations: First- Before getting it... Second- After loosing it...
ham	Me too. Mark is taking forever to pick up my prescription and the pain is coming back.
ham	How's ur paper?
ham	Got smaller capacity one? Quite ex...
spam	Check Out Choose Your Babe Videos @ sms.shsex.netUN fgkslpoPW fgkslpo
ham	Im good! I have been thinking about you...
spam	u r a winner U ave been specially selected 2 receive £1000 cash or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810710p/min (18 )
ham	:-) :-)
ham	Not thought bout it... || Drink in tap & spile at seven. || Is that pub on gas st off broad st by canal. || Ok?
ham	I am going to sleep. I am tired of travel.
ham	Haha, just what I was thinkin
ham	Yup but it's not giving me problems now so mayb i'll jus leave it...
ham	Lol no. Just trying to make your day a little more interesting
ham	How long before you get reply, just defer admission til next semester
ham	The word "Checkmate" in chess comes from the Persian phrase "Shah Maat" which means; "the king is dead.." Goodmorning.. Have a good day..:)
ham	Po de :-):):-):-):-). No need job aha.
ham	Rats. Hey did u ever vote for the next themes?
spam	New Mobiles from 2004, MUST GO! Txt: NOKIA to No: 89545 & collect yours today! From ONLY £1. www.4-tc.biz 2optout 087187262701.50gbp/mtmsg18 TXTAUCTION.
ham	I hope your pee burns tonite.
ham	OH RITE. WELL IM WITH MY BEST MATE PETE, WHO I WENT OUT WITH 4 A WEEK+ NOW WERE 2GEVA AGAIN. ITS BEEN LONGER THAN A WEEK.
ham	Yay can't wait to party together!
ham	....photoshop makes my computer shut down.
ham	All boys made fun of me today. Ok i have no problem. I just sent one message just for fun
ham	That's one of the issues but california is okay. No snow so its manageable
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08715203652 Identifier Code: 42810 Expires 29/10/0
ham	Hmmm.... Mayb can try e shoppin area one, but forgot e name of hotel...
ham	Awesome, that gonna be soon or later tonight?
ham	I need details about that online job.
spam	YOU HAVE WON! As a valued Vodafone customer our computer has picked YOU to win a £150 prize. To collect is easy. Just call 09061743386 
ham	Missing you too.pray inshah allah
ham	Pls help me tell Ashley that i cant find her number oh
ham	I am in escape theatre now. . Going to watch KAVALAN in a few minutes
ham	S.this will increase the chance of winning.
ham	either way works for me. I am  &lt;#&gt;  years old. Hope that doesnt bother you.
ham	Maybe you should find something else to do instead???
ham	Gain the rights of a wife.dont demand it.i am trying as husband too.Lets see
ham	I liked your new house
ham	I'm fine. Hope you are also
ham	Also north carolina and texas atm, you would just go to the gre site and pay for the test results to be sent.
ham	Same to u...
ham	yes baby! I need to stretch open your pussy!
ham	Thanks  and ! Or bomb and date as my phone wanted to say! 
ham	Ok...
ham	Hey, a guy I know is breathing down my neck to get him some bud, anyway you'd be able to get a half track to usf tonight?
ham	"Response" is one of d powerful weapon 2 occupy a place in others 'HEART'... So, always give response 2 who cares 4 U"... Gud night..swt dreams..take care
ham	Nokia phone is lovly..
spam	**FREE MESSAGE**Thanks for using the Auction Subscription Service. 18 . 150p/MSGRCVD 2 Skip an Auction txt OUT. 2 Unsubscribe txt STOP CustomerCare 08718726270
spam	Bored housewives! Chat n date now! 0871750.77.11! BT-national rate 10p/min only from landlines!
ham	Sorry da..today i wont come to play..i have driving clas..
ham	I'm really sorry I lit your hair on fire
ham	Oh! Shit, I thought that was your trip! Loooooool ... That just makes SO much more sense now ... *grins* and the sofa reference was ... The "sleep on a couch" link you sent me ... Wasn't that how you went on your trip ? Oh ... And didn't your babe go with you for that celebration with your rents?
ham	Okey dokey swashbuckling stuff what oh.
ham	Watching cartoon, listening music &amp; at eve had to go temple &amp; church.. What about u?
ham	1. Tension face 2. Smiling face 3. Waste face 4. Innocent face 5.Terror face 6.Cruel face 7.Romantic face 8.Lovable face 9.decent face  &lt;#&gt; .joker face.
ham	Dip's cell dead. So i m coming with him. U better respond else we shall come back.
ham	Well. You know what i mean. Texting
ham	Hi dis is yijue i would be happy to work wif ü all for gek1510...
ham	Lol! Oops sorry! Have fun. 
ham	Wat happened to the cruise thing
ham	I know dat feelin had it with Pete! Wuld get with em , nuther place nuther time mayb?
spam	lyricalladie(21/F) is inviting you to be her friend. Reply YES-910 or NO-910. See her: www.SMS.ac/u/hmmross STOP? Send STOP FRND to 62468
ham	The world's most happiest frnds never have the same characters... Dey just have the best understanding of their differences...
spam	No 1 POLYPHONIC tone 4 ur mob every week! Just txt PT2 to 87575. 1st Tone FREE ! so get txtin now and tell ur friends. 150p/tone. 16 reply HL 4info
ham	Yeah just open chat and click friend lists. Then make the list. Easy as pie
ham	alright tyler's got a minor crisis and has to be home sooner than he thought so be here asap
ham	When/where do I pick you up
ham	As usual u can call me ard 10 smth.
ham	New Theory: Argument wins d SITUATION, but loses the PERSON. So dont argue with ur friends just.. . . . kick them &amp; say, I'm always correct.!
ham	For many things its an antibiotic and it can be used for chest abdomen and gynae infections even bone infections.
ham	Poor girl can't go one day lmao
ham	Or just do that 6times
spam	Todays Vodafone numbers ending with 4882 are selected to a receive a £350 award. If your number matches call 09064019014 to receive your £350 award.
ham	You have to pls make a note of all she.s exposed to. Also find out from her school if anyone else was vomiting. Is there a dog or cat in the house? Let me know later.
ham	Japanese Proverb: If one Can do it, U too Can do it, If none Can do it,U must do it Indian version: If one Can do it, LET HIM DO it.. If none Can do it,LEAVE it!! And finally Kerala version: If one can do it, Stop him doing it.. If none can do it, Make a strike against it ...
ham	Sounds like there could be a lot of time spent in that chastity device boy ... *grins* ... Or take your beatings like a good dog. Going to lounge in a nice long bath now ?
ham	Its worse if if uses half way then stops. Its better for him to complete it.
ham	Miserable. They don't tell u that the side effects of birth control are massive gut wrenching cramps for the first 2 months. I didn't sleep at all last night.
ham	Send me the new number
ham	Convey my regards to him
spam	Want the latest Video handset? 750 anytime any network mins? Half price line rental? Reply or call 08000930705 for delivery tomorrow
ham	2 and half years i missed your friendship:-)
ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham	Oh for fuck's sake she's in like tallahassee
ham	Haha, that was the first person I was gonna ask
spam	ou are guaranteed the latest Nokia Phone, a 40GB iPod MP3 player or a £500 prize! Txt word: COLLECT to No: 83355! IBHltd LdnW15H 150p/Mtmsgrcvd18
ham	Taka lor. Wat time u wan 2 come n look 4 us?
spam	* FREE* POLYPHONIC RINGTONE Text SUPER to 87131 to get your FREE POLY TONE of the week now! 16 SN PoBox202 NR31 7ZS subscription 450pw
ham	"I;m reaching in another 2 stops."
ham	no, i *didn't* mean to post it. I wrote it, and like so many other times i've ritten stuff to you, i let it sit there. it WAS what i was feeling at the time. I was angry. Before i left, i hit send, then stop. It wasn't there. I checked on my phone when i got to my car. It wasn't there. You said you didn't sleep, you were bored. So why wouldn't THAT be the time to clean, fold laundry, etc.? At least make the bed?
spam	Warner Village 83118 C Colin Farrell in SWAT this wkend @Warner Village & get 1 free med. Popcorn!Just show msg+ticket@kiosk.Valid 4-7/12. C t&c @kiosk. Reply SONY 4 mre film offers
ham	Will you come online today night
ham	Then anything special?
ham	I'm in solihull, | do you want anything?
ham	Will do. Have a good day
ham	WE REGRET TO INFORM U THAT THE NHS HAS MADE A MISTAKE.U WERE NEVER ACTUALLY BORN.PLEASE REPORT 2 YOR LOCAL HOSPITAL 2B TERMINATED.WE R SORRY 4 THE INCONVENIENCE
ham	Love that holiday Monday feeling even if I have to go to the dentists in an hour
ham	I am on the way to tirupur.
spam	Goal! Arsenal 4 (Henry, 7 v Liverpool 2 Henry scores with a simple shot from 6 yards from a pass by Bergkamp to give Arsenal a 2 goal margin after 78 mins.
ham	You've already got a flaky parent. It'snot supposed to be the child's job to support the parent...not until they're The Ride age anyway. I'm supposed to be there to support you. And now i've hurt you. unintentional. But hurt nonetheless.
ham	We took hooch for a walk toaday and i fell over! Splat! Grazed my knees and everything! Should have stayed at home! See you tomorrow! 
ham	Just dropped em off, omw back now
spam	This is the 2nd time we have tried 2 contact u. U have won the 750 Pound prize. 2 claim is easy, call 08712101358 NOW! Only 10p per min. BT-national-rate
ham	Sitting in mu waiting for everyone to get out of my suite so I can take a shower
ham	Re your call; You didn't see my facebook huh?
ham	G says you never answer your texts, confirm/deny
ham	Its so common hearin How r u? Wat r u doing? How was ur day? So let me ask u something different. Did u smile today? If not, do it now.... Gud evng.
ham	Hi Dear Call me its urgnt. I don't know whats your problem. You don't want to work or if you have any other problem at least tell me. Wating for your reply.
ham	Oh yah... We never cancel leh... Haha 
ham	We can go 4 e normal pilates after our intro...  
ham	Ok... Let u noe when i leave my house.
ham	Oh yes, why is it like torture watching england?
ham	Wanna do some art?! :D
ham	Just hopeing that wasn‘t too pissed up to remember and has gone off to his sisters or something!
spam	Got what it takes 2 take part in the WRC Rally in Oz? U can with Lucozade Energy! Text RALLY LE to 61200 (25p), see packs or lucozade.co.uk/wrc & itcould be u!
spam	Hi, the SEXYCHAT girls are waiting for you to text them. Text now for a great night chatting. send STOP to stop this service
ham	Good morning, my boytoy! How's those yummy lips ? Where's my sexy buns now ? What do you do ? Do you think of me ? Do you crave me ? Do you need me ?
ham	Match started.india  &lt;#&gt;  for 2
ham	Once free call me sir.
ham	Hey do you want anything to buy:)
ham	Hey babe, how's it going ? Did you ever figure out where your going for New Years ?
ham	K..k.:)congratulation ..
ham	G wants to know where the fuck you are
ham	No it was cancelled yeah baby! Well that sounds important so i understand my darlin give me a ring later on this fone love Kate x
ham	Tomarrow i want to got to court. At  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . So you come to bus stand at 9.
ham	Ü go home liao? Ask dad to pick me up at 6...
ham	Omg you can make a wedding chapel in frontierville? Why do they get all the good stuff?
ham	I'm eatin now lor, but goin back to work soon... E mountain deer show huh... I watch b4 liao, very nice...
ham	Check mail.i have mailed varma and kept copy to you regarding membership.take care.insha allah.
ham	Wrong phone! This phone! I answer this one but assume the other is people i don't well
ham	Anyway I don't think I can secure anything up here, lemme know if you want me to drive down south and chill
ham	I'm already back home so no probably not
spam	Great News! Call FREEFONE 08006344447 to claim your guaranteed £1000 CASH or £2000 gift. Speak to a live operator NOW!
spam	Hi this is Amy, we will be sending you a free phone number in a couple of days, which will give you an access to all the adult parties...
ham	I am in bus on the way to calicut
ham	Hi its me you are probably having too much fun to get this message but i thought id txt u cos im bored! and james has been farting at me all night
ham	hi baby im sat on the bloody bus at the mo and i wont be home until about 7:30 wanna do somethin later? call me later ortxt back jess xx
spam	Welcome to Select, an O2 service with added benefits. You can now call our specially trained advisors FREE from your mobile by dialling 402.
ham	I lost 4 pounds since my doc visit last week woot woot! Now I'm gonna celebrate by stuffing my face!
ham	U coming back 4 dinner rite? Dad ask me so i re confirm wif u...
ham	Doing my masters. When will you buy a bb cos i have for sale and how's bf
ham	Ahhhh...just woken up!had a bad dream about u tho,so i dont like u right now :) i didnt know anything about comedy night but i guess im up for it.
ham	I'm vivek:)i got call from your number.
ham	Why didn't u call on your lunch?
ham	What i mean was i left too early to check, cos i'm working a 9-6.
ham	I want  &lt;#&gt;  rs da:)do you have it?
ham	A bit of Ur smile is my hppnss, a drop of Ur tear is my sorrow, a part of Ur heart is my life, a heart like mine wil care for U, forevr as my GOODFRIEND
ham	Yup ok...
ham	I want to see your pretty pussy...
spam	Dear Voucher holder Have your next meal on us. Use the following link on your pc 2 enjoy a 2 4 1 dining experiencehttp://www.vouch4me.com/etlp/dining.asp
ham	A few people are at the game, I'm at the mall with iouri and kaila
spam	URGENT! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a £2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09058094507 from land line. Claim 3030. Valid 12hrs only
spam	You can donate £2.50 to UNICEF's Asian Tsunami disaster support fund by texting DONATE to 864233. £2.50 will be added to your next bill
ham	Future is not what we planned for tomorrow.....! it is the result of what we do today...! Do the best in present... enjoy the future.
ham	I will cme i want to go to hos 2morow. After that i wil cme. This what i got from her dear what to do. She didnt say any time
ham	We are supposed to meet to discuss abt our trip... Thought xuhui told you? In the afternoon. Thought we can go for lesson after that
ham	Hey come online! Use msn... We are all there
ham	I'm fine. Hope you are good. Do take care.
ham	Oops I was in the shower when u called. Hey a parking garage collapsed at university hospital. See I'm not crazy. Stuff like that DOES happen.
ham	Aiyo u so poor thing... Then u dun wan 2 eat? U bathe already?
ham	Yar... I tot u knew dis would happen long ago already.
ham	You are gorgeous! keep those pix cumming :) thank you!
ham	A boy was late 2 home. His father: "POWER OF FRNDSHIP"
ham	JADE ITS PAUL. Y DIDNT U TXT ME? DO U REMEMBER ME FROM BARMED? I WANT 2 TALK 2 U! TXT ME
ham	Spending new years with my brother and his family. Lets plan to meet next week. Are you ready to be spoiled? :)
ham	So what u doing today?
ham	I said its okay. Sorry
ham	Slept? I thinkThis time ( &lt;#&gt;  pm) is not dangerous
ham	Networking job is there.
spam	goldviking (29/M) is inviting you to be his friend. Reply YES-762 or NO-762 See him: www.SMS.ac/u/goldviking STOP? Send STOP FRND to 62468
ham	Dont let studying stress you out. L8r.
ham	That's y u haf 2 keep me busy...
ham	No rushing. I'm not working. I'm in school so if we rush we go hungry.
ham	Which channel:-):-):):-).
ham	So your telling me I coulda been your real Valentine and I wasn't? U never pick me for NOTHING!!
spam	Phony £350 award - Todays Voda numbers ending XXXX are selected to receive a £350 award. If you have a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 3100 standard rates app
ham	We made it! Eta at taunton is 12:30 as planned, hope that‘s still okday?! Good to see you! :-xx
ham	I'm hungry buy smth home...
ham	"HEY KATE, HOPE UR OK... WILL GIVE U A BUZ WEDLUNCH. GO OUTSOMEWHERE 4 ADRINK IN TOWN..CUD GO 2WATERSHD 4 A BIT? PPL FROMWRK WILL BTHERE. LOVE PETEXXX."
ham	My drive can only be read. I need to write
ham	Just looked it up and addie goes back Monday, sucks to be her
ham	Happy new year. Hope you are having a good semester
ham	Esplanade lor. Where else...
ham	Can you talk with me..
ham	Hmph. Go head, big baller.
ham	Well its not like you actually called someone a punto. That woulda been worse.
ham	Nope. Since ayo travelled, he has forgotten his guy
ham	You still around? Looking to pick up later
spam	CDs 4u: Congratulations ur awarded £500 of CD gift vouchers or £125 gift guaranteed & Freeentry 2 £100 wkly draw xt MUSIC to 87066 TnCs www.ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16 
ham	There's someone here that has a year  &lt;#&gt;  toyota camry like mr olayiwola's own. Mileage is  &lt;#&gt; k.its clean but i need to know how much will it sell for. If i can raise the dough for it how soon after landing will it sell. Holla back.
ham	Guess which pub im in? Im as happy as a pig in clover or whatever the saying is! 
ham	ILL B DOWN SOON
ham	Oh k. . I will come tomorrow
ham	Go fool dont cheat others ok
ham	My mobile number.pls sms ur mail id.convey regards to achan,amma.Rakhesh.Qatar
ham	By the way, 'rencontre' is to meet again. Mountains dont....
spam	You have WON a guaranteed £1000 cash or a £2000 prize. To claim yr prize call our customer service representative on 08714712412 between 10am-7pm Cost 10p
ham	U attend ur driving lesson how many times a wk n which day?
ham	Uncle G, just checking up on you. Do have a rewarding month
ham	Hello boytoy ! Geeee ... I'm missing you today. I like to send you a tm and remind you I'm thinking of you ... And you are loved ... *loving kiss*
ham	I think the other two still need to get cash but we can def be ready by 9
ham	Hey gals...U all wanna meet 4 dinner at nìte? 
spam	Dear 0776xxxxxxx U've been invited to XCHAT. This is our final attempt to contact u! Txt CHAT to 86688 150p/MsgrcvdHG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL LDN 18yrs
ham	Babe ! What are you doing ? Where are you ? Who are you talking to ? Do you think of me ? Are you being a good boy? Are you missing me? Do you love me ?
ham	Great! How is the office today?
ham	It's cool, we can last a little while. Getting more any time soon?
ham	:-( sad puppy noise
ham	Yes its possible but dint try. Pls dont tell to any one k
ham	Anyway holla at me whenever you're around because I need an excuse to go creep on people in sarasota
ham	Where you. What happen
ham	I was gonna ask you lol but i think its at 7
spam	Ur cash-balance is currently 500 pounds - to maximize ur cash-in now send GO to 86688 only 150p/meg. CC: 08718720201 HG/Suite342/2lands Row/W1j6HL
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for shows 800 un-redeemed S.I.M. points. Call 08715203685 Identifier Code:4xx26 Expires 13/10/04
ham	Go chase after her and run her over while she's crossing the street
spam	I'd like to tell you my deepest darkest fantasies. Call me 09094646631 just 60p/min. To stop texts call 08712460324 (nat rate)
ham	Is there coming friday is leave for pongal?do you get any news from your work place.
ham	Hey... Very inconvenient for your sis a not huh?
ham	Ok i vl..do u know i got adsense approved..
ham	* Was really good to see you the other day dudette, been missing you!
ham	I want to go to perumbavoor
ham	How many times i told in the stage all use to laugh. You not listen aha.
spam	You won't believe it but it's true. It's Incredible Txts! Reply G now to learn truly amazing things that will blow your mind. From O2FWD only 18p/txt
ham	(You didn't hear it from me)
ham	Thanks for being there for me just to talk to on saturday. You are very dear to me. I cherish having you as a brother and role model.
ham	Pls clarify back if an open return ticket that i have can be preponed for me to go back to kerala.
spam	Natalie (20/F) is inviting you to be her friend. Reply YES-165 or NO-165 See her: www.SMS.ac/u/natalie2k9 STOP? Send STOP FRND to 62468
ham	She ran off with a younger man. we will make pretty babies together :)
spam	Jamster! To get your free wallpaper text HEART to 88888 now! T&C apply. 16 only. Need Help? Call 08701213186.
ham	O ic lol. Should play 9 doors sometime yo
ham	Dunno, my dad said he coming home 2 bring us out 4 lunch. Yup i go w u lor. I call u when i reach school lor...
ham	We have sent JD for Customer Service cum Accounts Executive to ur mail id, For details contact us
ham	Desires- u going to doctor 4 liver. And get a bit stylish. Get ur hair managed. Thats it.
ham	Hmmm.still we dont have opener?
ham	Yeah so basically any time next week you can get away from your mom &amp; get up before 3
ham	Edison has rightly said, "A fool can ask more questions than a wise man can answer" Now you know why all of us are speechless during ViVa.. GM,GN,GE,GNT:-)
ham	I will vote for wherever my heart guides me
ham	With my sis lor... We juz watched italian job.
ham	Tick, tick, tick .... Where are you ? I could die of loneliness you know ! *pouts* *stomps feet* I need you ...
ham	Lmao you know me so well...
spam	Double Mins & Double Txt & 1/2 price Linerental on Latest Orange Bluetooth mobiles. Call MobileUpd8 for the very latest offers. 08000839402 or call2optout/LF56
ham	Am on a train back from northampton so i'm afraid not! I'm staying skyving off today ho ho! Will be around wednesday though. Do you fancy the comedy club this week by the way?
ham	Goodnight da thangam I really miss u dear.
ham	Hey next sun 1030 there's a basic yoga course... at bugis... We can go for that... Pilates intro next sat.... Tell me what time you r free
ham	Geeeee ... Your internet is really bad today, eh ?
spam	Free video camera phones with Half Price line rental for 12 mths and 500 cross ntwk mins 100 txts. Call MobileUpd8 08001950382 or Call2OptOut/674
ham	I think i am disturbing her da
ham	Sorry, I'll call you  later. I am in meeting sir.
ham	Havent stuck at orchard in my dad's car. Going 4 dinner now. U leh? So r they free tonight?
ham	Ok i also wan 2 watch e 9 pm show...
ham	I dunno lei... Like dun haf...
ham	But your brother transfered only  &lt;#&gt;  +  &lt;#&gt; . Pa.
ham	I calls you later. Afternoon onwords mtnl service get problem in south mumbai. I can hear you but you cann't listen me.
spam	83039 62735=£450 UK Break AccommodationVouchers terms & conditions apply. 2 claim you mustprovide your claim number which is 15541 
ham	Talk to g and x about that
ham	Hai dear friends... This is my new &amp; present number..:) By Rajitha Raj (Ranju)
spam	5p 4 alfie Moon's Children in need song on ur mob. Tell ur m8s. Txt Tone charity to 8007 for Nokias or Poly charity for polys: zed 08701417012 profit 2 charity.
ham	As in different styles?
spam	WIN a £200 Shopping spree every WEEK Starting NOW. 2 play text STORE to 88039. SkilGme. TsCs08714740323 1Winawk! age16 £1.50perweeksub.
ham	Gud ni8 dear..slp well..take care..swt dreams..Muah..
ham	I want to sent  &lt;#&gt; mesages today. Thats y. Sorry if i hurts
spam	This is the 2nd attempt to contract U, you have won this weeks top prize of either £1000 cash or £200 prize. Just call 09066361921
ham	Well, i'm glad you didn't find it totally disagreeable ... Lol
ham	Guy, no flash me now. If you go call me, call me. How madam. Take care oh.
spam	Do you want a New Nokia 3510i colour phone DeliveredTomorrow? With 300 free minutes to any mobile + 100 free texts + Free Camcorder reply or call 08000930705.
ham	Mark works tomorrow. He gets out at 5. His work is by your house so he can meet u afterwards.
ham	"Keep ur problems in ur heart, b'coz nobody will fight for u. Only u &amp; u have to fight for ur self &amp; win the battle. -VIVEKANAND- G 9t.. SD..
ham	Yeah, give me a call if you've got a minute
ham	"HI BABE UAWAKE?FEELLIKW SHIT.JUSTFOUND OUT VIA ALETTER THATMUM GOTMARRIED 4thNOV.BEHIND OURBACKS  FUCKINNICE!SELFISH,DEVIOUSBITCH.ANYWAY,IL CALL U"
ham	Amazing : If you rearrange these letters it gives the same meaning... Dormitory = Dirty room Astronomer = Moon starer The eyes = They see Election results = Lies lets recount Mother-in-law = Woman Hitler Eleven plus two =Twelve plus one Its Amazing... !:-)
ham	Aiya we discuss later lar... Pick ü up at 4 is it?
ham	Hey happy birthday...
ham	Sorry i missed your call. Can you please call back.
ham	Omg if its not one thing its another. My cat has worms :/ when does this bad day end?
ham	Good morning, im suffering from fever and dysentry ..will not be able to come to office today.
ham	I wont do anything de.
ham	What type of stuff do you sing?
ham	St andre, virgil's cream
ham	No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
ham	My fri ah... Okie lor,goin 4 my drivin den go shoppin after tt...
ham	Gokila is talking with you aha:)
ham	Hi Shanil,Rakhesh here.thanks,i have exchanged the uncut diamond stuff.leaving back. Excellent service by Dino and Prem.
ham	K.k.this month kotees birthday know?
ham	But i'm really really broke oh. No amount is too small even  &lt;#&gt; 
ham	Sorry about that this is my mates phone and i didnt write it love Kate
spam	TheMob>Hit the link to get a premium Pink Panther game, the new no. 1 from Sugababes, a crazy Zebra animation or a badass Hoody wallpaper-all 4 FREE!
ham	Ah, well that confuses things, doesnt it? I thought was friends with now. Maybe i did the wrong thing but i already sort of invited -tho he may not come cos of money.
ham	Aight, call me once you're close
ham	Nope thats fine. I might have a nap tho! 
spam	This msg is for your mobile content order It has been resent as previous attempt failed due to network error Queries to customersqueries@netvision.uk.com
ham	In other news after hassling me to get him weed for a week andres has no money. HAUGHAIGHGTUJHYGUJ
ham	A Boy loved a gal. He propsd bt she didnt mind. He gv lv lttrs, Bt her frnds threw thm. Again d boy decided 2 aproach d gal , dt time a truck was speeding towards d gal. Wn it was about 2 hit d girl,d boy ran like hell n saved her. She asked 'hw cn u run so fast?' D boy replied "Boost is d secret of my energy" n instantly d girl shouted "our energy" n Thy lived happily 2gthr drinking boost evrydy Moral of d story:- I hv free msgs:D;): gud ni8
ham	I wnt to buy a BMW car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  &lt;#&gt; Lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. &lt;#&gt; lacs..thats my prob
ham	Ding me on ya break fassyole! Blacko from londn
ham	I REALLY NEED 2 KISS U I MISS U MY BABY FROM UR BABY 4EVA
ham	The sign of maturity is not when we start saying big things.. But actually it is, when we start understanding small things... *HAVE A NICE EVENING* BSLVYL
ham	Oh you got many responsibilities.
spam	You have 1 new message. Please call 08715205273
ham	I've reached sch already...
spam	December only! Had your mobile 11mths+? You are entitled to update to the latest colour camera mobile for Free! Call The Mobile Update VCo FREE on 08002986906 
ham	U definitely need a module from e humanities dis sem izzit? U wan 2 take other modules 1st?
ham	Argh why the fuck is nobody in town ;_;
spam	Get 3 Lions England tone, reply lionm 4 mono or lionp 4 poly. 4 more go 2 www.ringtones.co.uk, the original n best. Tones 3GBP network operator rates apply.
ham	Thanks. Fills me with complete calm and reassurance! 
ham	Aslamalaikkum....insha allah tohar beeen muht albi mufti mahfuuz...meaning same here....
ham	Are you driving or training?
ham	Lol for real. She told my dad I have cancer
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for 078
ham	Oops I did have it,  &lt;#&gt; ?
ham	"NOT ENUFCREDEIT TOCALL.SHALL ILEAVE UNI AT 6 +GET A BUS TO YOR HOUSE?"
ham	Hi Chikku, send some nice msgs
ham	He is impossible to argue with and he always treats me like his sub, like he never released me ... Which he did and I will remind him of that if necessary
ham	After my work ah... Den 6 plus lor... U workin oso rite... Den go orchard lor, no other place to go liao...
ham	To the wonderful Okors, have a great month. We cherish you guys and wish you well each day. MojiBiola
ham	Cuz ibored. And don wanna study
ham	Wot about on wed nite I am 3 then but only til 9!
ham	Rose for red,red for blood,blood for heart,heart for u. But u for me.... Send tis to all ur friends.. Including me.. If u like me.. If u get back, 1-u r poor in relation! 2-u need some 1 to support 3-u r frnd 2 many 4-some1 luvs u 5+- some1 is praying god to marry u.:-) try it....
ham	Any way where are you and what doing.
ham	That sucks. I'll go over so u can do my hair. You'll do it free right?
ham	it's still not working. And this time i also tried adding zeros. That was the savings. The checking is  &lt;#&gt; 
ham	Hmm... Dunno leh, mayb a bag 4 goigng out dat is not too small. Or jus anything except perfume, smth dat i can keep.
ham	Sday only joined.so training we started today:)
ham	Sorry * was at the grocers.
ham	There are some nice pubs near here or there is Frankie n Bennys near the warner cinema?
spam	YOU VE WON! Your 4* Costa Del Sol Holiday or £5000 await collection. Call 09050090044 Now toClaim. SAE, TC s, POBox334, Stockport, SK38xh, Cost£1.50/pm, Max10mins
ham	Yup... I havent been there before... You want to go for the yoga? I can call up to book 
ham	Oh shut it. Omg yesterday I had a dream that I had 2 kids both boys. I was so pissed. Not only about the kids but them being boys. I even told mark in my dream that he was changing diapers cause I'm not getting owed in the face.
ham	Yeah I imagine he would be really gentle. Unlike the other docs who treat their patients like turkeys.
spam	FREE for 1st week! No1 Nokia tone 4 ur mobile every week just txt NOKIA to 8077 Get txting and tell ur mates. www.getzed.co.uk POBox 36504 W45WQ 16+ norm150p/tone
ham	Now that you have started dont stop. Just pray for more good ideas and anything i see that can help you guys i.ll forward you a link.
ham	Hi darlin im on helens fone im gonna b up the princes 2 nite please come up tb love Kate
ham	I'm in office now da:)where are you?
ham	Aiyar u so poor thing... I give u my support k... Jia you! I'll think of u...
ham	Oh unintentionally not bad timing. Great. Fingers  the trains play along! Will give fifteen min warning.
spam	Get your garden ready for summer with a FREE selection of summer bulbs and seeds worth £33:50 only with The Scotsman this Saturday. To stop go2 notxt.co.uk
ham	K..then come wenever u lik to come and also tel vikky to come by getting free time..:-)
ham	Pls call me da. What happen.
ham	Happy new year to u and ur family...may this new year bring happiness , stability and tranquility to ur vibrant colourful life:):)
ham	No problem with the renewal. I.ll do it right away but i dont know his details.
ham	Idk. I'm sitting here in a stop and shop parking lot right now bawling my eyes out because i feel like i'm a failure in everything. Nobody wants me and now i feel like i'm failing you.
ham	Haven't left yet so probably gonna be here til dinner
ham	Like  &lt;#&gt; , same question
ham	MY NEW YEARS EVE WAS OK. I WENT TO A PARTY WITH MY BOYFRIEND. WHO IS THIS SI THEN HEY
ham	Sir, I need Velusamy sir's date of birth and company bank facilities details.
ham	K k:) sms chat with me.
ham	I will come with karnan car. Please wait till 6pm will directly goto doctor.
ham	No but the bluray player can
ham	Ok... Then r we meeting later?
ham	Lol no. I just need to cash in my nitros. Hurry come on before I crash out!
ham	Just send a text. We'll skype later.
ham	Ok leave no need to ask
spam	Congrats 2 mobile 3G Videophones R yours. call 09063458130 now! videochat wid ur mates, play java games, Dload polypH music, noline rentl. bx420. ip4. 5we. 150p
ham	Ü still got lessons?  Ü in sch?
ham	Y she dun believe leh? I tot i told her it's true already. I thk she muz c us tog then she believe.
ham	Oh did you charge camera
ham	I‘ve got some salt, you can rub it in my open wounds if you like!
ham	Now i'm going for lunch.
ham	I'm in school now n i'll be in da lab doing some stuff give me a call when ü r done.
ham	Oh k. . I will come tomorrow
ham	Aight, text me tonight and we'll see what's up
ham	U 2.
ham	Water logging in desert. Geoenvironmental implications.
ham	Raji..pls do me a favour. Pls convey my Birthday wishes to Nimya. Pls. Today is her birthday.
ham	Company is very good.environment is terrific and food is really nice:)
ham	Very strange.  and  are watching the 2nd one now but i'm in bed. Sweet dreams, miss u 
spam	SMS AUCTION - A BRAND NEW Nokia 7250 is up 4 auction today! Auction is FREE 2 join & take part! Txt NOKIA to 86021 now!
ham	Hi hope u r both ok, he said he would text and he hasn't, have u seen him, let me down gently please 
ham	Babe! I fucking love you too !! You know? Fuck it was so good to hear your voice. I so need that. I crave it. I can't get enough. I adore you, Ahmad *kisses*
ham	K sure am in my relatives home. Sms me de. Pls:-)
ham	I sent them. Do you like?
ham	Fuuuuck I need to stop sleepin, sup
ham	I'm in town now so i'll jus take mrt down later.
ham	I just cooked a rather nice salmon a la you
ham	I uploaded mine to Facebook
ham	WHAT TIME U WRKIN?
ham	Okie
spam	ree entry in 2 a weekly comp for a chance to win an ipod. Txt POD to 80182 to get entry (std txt rate) T&C's apply 08452810073 for details 18+
spam	Our records indicate u maybe entitled to 5000 pounds in compensation for the Accident you had. To claim 4 free reply with CLAIM to this msg. 2 stop txt STOP
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	Oh oh... Den muz change plan liao... Go back have to yan jiu again...
ham	It's wylie, you in tampa or sarasota?
ham	Ok... Take ur time n enjoy ur dinner...
ham	Darren was saying dat if u meeting da ge den we dun meet 4 dinner. Cos later u leave xy will feel awkward. Den u meet him 4 lunch lor.
spam	Spook up your mob with a Halloween collection of a logo & pic message plus a free eerie tone, txt CARD SPOOK to 8007 zed 08701417012150p per logo/pic 
ham	I like cheap! But i‘m happy to splash out on the wine if it makes you feel better..
ham	She.s fine. I have had difficulties with her phone. It works with mine. Can you pls send her another friend request.
ham	Ugh my leg hurts. Musta overdid it on mon.
spam	Call Germany for only 1 pence per minute! Call from a fixed line via access number 0844 861 85 85. No prepayment. Direct access! www.telediscount.co.uk
spam	YOU VE WON! Your 4* Costa Del Sol Holiday or £5000 await collection. Call 09050090044 Now toClaim. SAE, TC s, POBox334, Stockport, SK38xh, Cost£1.50/pm, Max10mins
ham	WOT STUDENT DISCOUNT CAN U GET ON BOOKS?
ham	Me fine..absolutly fine
ham	How come she can get it? Should b quite diff to guess rite...
spam	Had your mobile 11mths ? Update for FREE to Oranges latest colour camera mobiles & unlimited weekend calls. Call Mobile Upd8 on freefone 08000839402 or 2StopTxt
ham	I will reach ur home in  &lt;#&gt;  minutes
ham	Babe, I'm answering you, can't you see me ? Maybe you'd better reboot YM ... I got the photo ... It's great !
ham	Hi.what you think about match?
ham	I know you are thinkin malaria. But relax, children cant handle malaria. She would have been worse and its gastroenteritis. If she takes enough to replace her loss her temp will reduce. And if you give her malaria meds now she will just vomit. Its a self limiting illness she has which means in a few days it will completely stop
ham	Dai i downloaded but there is only exe file which i can only run that exe after installing.
ham	It is only yesterday true true.
ham	K.k.how is your business now?
ham	3 pa but not selected.
spam	Natalja (25/F) is inviting you to be her friend. Reply YES-440 or NO-440 See her: www.SMS.ac/u/nat27081980 STOP? Send STOP FRND to 62468
ham	I keep ten rs in my shelf:) buy two egg.
ham	I am late. I will be there at
ham	Well thats nice. Too bad i cant eat it
ham	I accidentally brought em home in the box
ham	Pls she needs to dat slowly or she will vomit more.
ham	I have to take exam with in march 3
ham	Jane babes not goin 2 wrk, feel ill after lst nite. Foned in already cover 4 me chuck.:-)
ham	5 nights...We nt staying at port step liao...Too ex
ham	If I die I want u to have all my stuffs.
ham	"OH FUCK. JUSWOKE UP IN A BED ON A BOATIN THE DOCKS. SLEPT WID 25 YEAR OLD. SPINOUT! GIV U DA GOSSIP L8R. XXX"
ham	Smile in Pleasure Smile in Pain Smile when trouble pours like Rain Smile when sum1 Hurts U Smile becoz SOMEONE still Loves to see u Smiling!!
ham	Prabha..i'm soryda..realy..frm heart i'm sory
ham	I re-met alex nichols from middle school and it turns out he's dealing!
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for <fone no> shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08715203656 Identifier Code: 42049 Expires 26/10/04
ham	It means u could not keep ur words.
ham	Nope, I'm still in the market
ham	I realise you are a busy guy and i'm trying not to be a bother. I have to get some exams outta the way and then try the cars. Do have a gr8 day
spam	YOU ARE CHOSEN TO RECEIVE A £350 AWARD! Pls call claim number 09066364311 to collect your award which you are selected to receive as a valued mobile customer.
ham	Hey what how about your project. Started aha da.
ham	Ok cool. See ya then.
ham	Am on the uworld site. Am i buying the qbank only or am i buying it with the self assessment also?
ham	Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
spam	Someonone you know is trying to contact you via our dating service! To find out who it could be call from your mobile or landline 09064015307 BOX334SK38ch 
ham	Yeah I can still give you a ride
ham	Jay wants to work out first, how's 4 sound?
ham	Gud gud..k, chikku tke care.. sleep well gud nyt
ham	Its a part of checking IQ
ham	Hmm thinking lor...
ham	Of course ! Don't tease me ... You know I simply must see ! *grins* ... Do keep me posted my prey ... *loving smile* *devouring kiss*
ham	thanks for the temales it was wonderful. Thank. Have a great week.
ham	Thank you princess! I want to see your nice juicy booty...
ham	Haven't eaten all day. I'm sitting here staring at this juicy pizza and I can't eat it. These meds are ruining my life.
ham	Gud ni8 dear..slp well..take care..swt dreams..Muah..
ham	U come n search tat vid..not finishd..
ham	K I'm leaving soon, be there a little after 9
spam	Urgent! Please call 09061213237 from a landline. £5000 cash or a 4* holiday await collection. T &Cs SAE PO Box 177 M227XY. 16+
ham	Yeah work is fine, started last week, all the same stuff as before, dull but easy and guys are fun!
ham	You do your studies alone without anyones help. If you cant no need to study.
ham	Please tell me not all of my car keys are in your purse
ham	I didnt get anything da
ham	Ok... Sweet dreams...
ham	Well she's in for a big surprise!
ham	As usual..iam fine, happy &amp; doing well..:)
ham	1 in cbe. 2 in chennai.
ham	Can help u swoop by picking u up from wherever ur other birds r meeting if u want.
ham	If anyone calls for a treadmill say you'll buy it. Make sure its working. I found an ad on Craigslist selling for $ &lt;#&gt; .
ham	I absolutely LOVE South Park! I only recently started watching the office.
ham	Did you see that film:)
ham	Pls speak with me. I wont ask anything other then you friendship.
ham	Storming msg: Wen u lift d phne, u say "HELLO" Do u knw wt is d real meaning of HELLO?? . . . It's d name of a girl..! . . . Yes.. And u knw who is dat girl?? "Margaret Hello" She is d girlfrnd f Grahmbell who invnted telphone... . . . . Moral:One can 4get d name of a person, bt not his girlfrnd... G o o d n i g h t . . .@
ham	Gud ni8.swt drms.take care
ham	HI DARLIN ITS KATE ARE U UP FOR DOIN SOMETHIN TONIGHT? IM GOING TO A PUB CALLED THE SWAN OR SOMETHING WITH MY PARENTS FOR ONE DRINK SO PHONE ME IF U CAN
ham	Anything lar then ü not going home 4 dinner?
ham	"ER, ENJOYIN INDIANS AT THE MO..yeP. SaLL gOoD HehE ;> hows bout u shexy? Pete Xx"
spam	If you don't, your prize will go to another customer. T&C at www.t-c.biz 18+ 150p/min Polo Ltd Suite 373 London W1J 6HL Please call back if busy 
ham	Did u fix the teeth?if not do it asap.ok take care.
ham	So u wan 2 come for our dinner tonight a not?
ham	Hello.How u doing?What u been up 2?When will u b moving out of the flat, cos I will need to arrange to pick up the lamp, etc. Take care. Hello caroline!
ham	Its too late:)but its k.wish you the same.
ham	Hi. Hope ur day * good! Back from walk, table booked for half eight. Let me know when ur coming over.
ham	Oh yeah clearly it's my fault
ham	Dunno leh cant remember mayb lor. So wat time r we meeting tmr?
ham	Best msg: It's hard to be with a person, when u know that one more step foward will make u fall in love.. &amp; One step back can ruin ur friendship.. good night:-) ...
spam	URGENT! Your Mobile number has been awarded with a £2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09061790126 from land line. Claim 3030. Valid 12hrs only 150ppm
ham	Helloooo... Wake up..! "Sweet" "morning" "welcomes" "You" "Enjoy" "This Day" "with full of joy".. "GUD MRNG".
ham	Vikky, come around  &lt;TIME&gt; ..
ham	And how you will do that, princess? :)
ham	I have gone into get info bt dont know what to do
ham	Yeah, probably here for a while
ham	Sent me ur email id soon
spam	URGENT! You have won a 1 week FREE membership in our £100,000 Prize Jackpot! Txt the word: CLAIM to No: 81010 T&C www.dbuk.net LCCLTD POBOX 4403LDNW1A7RW18
ham	I'm still pretty weak today .. Bad day ?
ham	Hey ! Don't forget ... You are MINE ... For ME ... My possession ... MY property ... MMM ... *childish smile* ...
ham	An excellent thought by a misundrstud frnd: I knw u hate me bt the day wen u'll knw the truth u'll hate urself:-( Gn:-)
ham	Hey! Congrats 2u2. id luv 2 but ive had 2 go home!
ham	Dear where you. Call me
ham	Xy trying smth now. U eat already? We havent...
spam	Urgent! Please call 09061213237 from landline. £5000 cash or a luxury 4* Canary Islands Holiday await collection. T&Cs SAE PO Box 177. M227XY. 150ppm. 16+
ham	I donno its in your genes or something
spam	XMAS iscoming & ur awarded either £500 CD gift vouchers & free entry 2 r £100 weekly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnC www.Ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16subscription 
ham	Alex says he's not ok with you not being ok with it
ham	Are u coming to the funeral home
ham	My darling sister. How are you doing. When's school resuming. Is there a minimum wait period before you reapply? Do take care
ham	I.ll hand her my phone to chat wit u
ham	Well good morning mr . Hows london treatin' ya treacle?
ham	I can't make it tonight
ham	At WHAT TIME should i come tomorrow
ham	About  &lt;#&gt; bucks. The banks fees are fixed. Better to call the bank and find out.
ham	I can. But it will tell quite long, cos i haven't finish my film yet...
ham	Pls ask macho how much is budget for bb bold 2 is cos i saw a new one for  &lt;#&gt;  dollars.
ham	"Hi missed your Call and my mumHas beendropping red wine all over theplace! what is your adress?"
ham	Ill be at yours in about 3 mins but look out for me
ham	What you did in  leave.
ham	I'm coming back on Thursday. Yay. Is it gonna be ok to get the money. Cheers. Oh yeah and how are you. Everything alright. Hows school. Or do you call it work now
ham	Jolly good! By the way,  will give u tickets for sat eve 7.30. Speak before then x
ham	yeah, that's what I was thinking
ham	K.k:)i'm going to tirunelvali this week to see my uncle ..i already spend the amount by taking dress .so only i want money.i will give it on feb 1
ham	Here got ur favorite oyster... N got my favorite sashimi... Ok lar i dun say already... Wait ur stomach start rumbling...
ham	My sister going to earn more than me da.
spam	Get the official ENGLAND poly ringtone or colour flag on yer mobile for tonights game! Text TONE or FLAG to 84199. Optout txt ENG STOP Box39822 W111WX £1.50
ham	Hahaha..use your brain dear
ham	Jus finish watching tv... U?
ham	K, fyi I'm back in my parents' place in south tampa so I might need to do the deal somewhere else
ham	Good morning, my Love ... I go to sleep now and wish you a great day full of feeling better and opportunity ... You are my last thought babe, I LOVE YOU *kiss*
ham	Kothi print out marandratha.
ham	But we havent got da topic yet rite?
ham	Ok no problem... Yup i'm going to sch at 4 if i rem correctly...
ham	Thanks, I'll keep that in mind
ham	Aah bless! How's your arm?
ham	Dear Sir,Salam Alaikkum.Pride and Pleasure meeting you today at the Tea Shop.We are pleased to send you our contact number at Qatar.Rakhesh an Indian.Pls save our Number.Respectful Regards.
ham	Gal n boy walking in d park. gal-can i hold ur hand? boy-y? do u think i would run away? gal-no, jst wana c how it feels walking in heaven with an prince..GN:-)
ham	What makes you most happy?
ham	Wishing you a wonderful week.
ham	Sweet heart how are you?
ham	Sir, waiting for your letter.
ham	Dude im no longer a pisces. Im an aquarius now.
ham	X course it 2yrs. Just so her messages on messenger lik you r sending me
ham	I think steyn surely get one wicket:)
ham	Neither [in sterm voice] - i'm studying. All fine with me! Not sure the  thing will be resolved, tho. Anyway. Have a fab hols
ham	Garbage bags, eggs, jam, bread, hannaford wheat chex
ham	No. It's not pride. I'm almost  &lt;#&gt;  years old and shouldn't be takin money from my kid. You're not supposed to have to deal with this stuff. This is grownup stuff--why i don't tell you.
ham	Sounds better than my evening im just doing my costume. Im not sure what time i finish tomorrow but i will txt you at the end.
ham	My birthday is on feb  &lt;#&gt;  da. .
ham	So when do you wanna gym?
ham	You'd like that wouldn't you? Jerk!
ham	Are u awake? Is there snow there?
ham	And of course you should make a stink!
spam	u r subscribed 2 TEXTCOMP 250 wkly comp. 1st wk?s free question follows, subsequent wks charged@150p/msg.2 unsubscribe txt STOP 2 84128,custcare 08712405020
ham	No go. No openings for that room 'til after thanksgiving without an upcharge.
ham	When you guys planning on coming over?
ham	Wat ü doing now?
ham	My Parents, My Kidz, My Friends n My Colleagues. All screaming.. SURPRISE !! and I was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' NAKED...!
ham	No sir. That's why i had an 8-hr trip on the bus last week. Have another audition next wednesday but i think i might drive this time.
ham	Do I? I thought I put it back in the box
ham	I'm home...
ham	No one interested. May be some business plan.
ham	Yup it's at paragon... I havent decided whether 2 cut yet... Hee...
ham	Good morning princess! Have a great day!
ham	Guai... Ü shd haf seen him when he's naughty... Ü so free today? Can go jogging...
ham	Aiyo cos i sms ü then ü neva reply so i wait 4 ü to reply lar. I tot ü havent finish ur lab wat.
ham	Living is very simple.. Loving is also simple.. Laughing is too simple.. Winning is tooo simple.. But, Being 'SIMPLE' is very difficult...;-) :-)
ham	Tell me something. Thats okay.
ham	Ok
ham	Hmm. Shall i bring a bottle of wine to keep us amused? Just joking! I'll still bring a bottle. Red or white? See you tomorrow
ham	This is ur face test ( 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9  &lt;#&gt;  ) select any number i will tell ur face astrology.... am waiting. quick reply...
ham	Hey, iouri gave me your number, I'm wylie, ryan's friend
ham	Yep get with the program. You're slacking.
ham	I'm in inside office..still filling forms.don know when they leave me.
ham	I think your mentor is , but not 100 percent sure.
spam	Call 09095350301 and send our girls into erotic ecstacy. Just 60p/min. To stop texts call 08712460324 (nat rate)
spam	Camera - You are awarded a SiPix Digital Camera! call 09061221066 fromm landline. Delivery within 28 days.
spam	A £400 XMAS REWARD IS WAITING FOR YOU! Our computer has randomly picked you from our loyal mobile customers to receive a £400 reward. Just call 09066380611
ham	Just trying to figure out when I'm suppose to see a couple different people this week. We said we'd get together but I didn't set dates
spam	IMPORTANT MESSAGE. This is a final contact attempt. You have important messages waiting out our customer claims dept. Expires 13/4/04. Call 08717507382 NOW!
ham	Hi mom we might be back later than  &lt;#&gt; 
spam	dating:i have had two of these. Only started after i sent a text to talk sport radio last week. Any connection do you think or coincidence?
ham	Lol, oh you got a friend for the dog ?
ham	Ok., is any problem to u frm him? Wats matter?
ham	K I'll head out in a few mins, see you there
ham	Do u konw waht is rael FRIENDSHIP Im gving yuo an exmpel: Jsut ese tihs msg.. Evrey splleing of tihs msg is wrnog.. Bt sitll yuo can raed it wihtuot ayn mitsake.. GOODNIGHT &amp; HAVE A NICE SLEEP..SWEET DREAMS..
ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham	I don't want you to leave. But i'm barely doing what i can to stay sane. fighting with you constantly isn't helping.
spam	The current leading bid is 151. To pause this auction send OUT. Customer Care: 08718726270
spam	Free entry to the gr8prizes wkly comp 4 a chance to win the latest Nokia 8800, PSP or £250 cash every wk.TXT GREAT to 80878 http//www.gr8prizes.com 08715705022
ham	Somebody set up a website where you can play hold em using eve online spacebucks
ham	Its sunny in california. The weather's just cool
spam	You have 1 new message. Call 0207-083-6089
ham	I can make it up there, squeezed  &lt;#&gt;  bucks out of my dad
ham	Good day to You too.Pray for me.Remove the teeth as its painful maintaining other stuff.
ham	How are you babes. Hope your doing ok. I had a shit nights sleep. I fell asleep at 5.Im knackered and im dreading work tonight. What are thou upto tonight. X
ham	How do friends help us in problems? They give the most stupid suggestion that Lands us into another problem and helps us forgt the previous problem
ham	I'm at work. Please call
ham	I will be gentle baby! Soon you will be taking all  &lt;#&gt;  inches deep inside your tight pussy...
ham	NOT MUCH NO FIGHTS. IT WAS A GOOD NITE!!
ham	Ok.ok ok..then..whats ur todays plan
ham	Nt joking seriously i told
ham	Watching ajith film ah?
ham	Ooooooh I forgot to tell u I can get on yoville on my phone
ham	All done, all handed in. Don't know if mega shop in asda counts as celebration but thats what i'm doing!
ham	I dont know exactly could you ask chechi.
ham	Dunno lei shd b driving lor cos i go sch 1 hr oni.
ham	As in i want custom officer discount oh.
ham	That's necessarily respectful
ham	Hi. Hope you had a good day. Have a better night.
ham	And he's apparently bffs with carly quick now
ham	HARD BUT TRUE: How much you show &amp;  express your love to someone....that much it will hurt when they leave you or you get seperated...!鈥┾??〨ud evening...
ham	Babes I think I got ur brolly I left it in English wil bring it in 2mrw 4 u luv Franxx
ham	Hi babe its me thanks for coming even though it didnt go that well!i just wanted my bed! Hope to see you soon love and kisses xxx
ham	So gd got free ice cream... I oso wan...
ham	Pls give her prometazine syrup. 5mls then  &lt;#&gt; mins later feed.
ham	So how many days since then?
ham	Dear are you angry i was busy dear
ham	Yup he msg me: is tat yijue? Then i tot it's my group mate cos we meeting today mah... I'm askin if ü leaving earlier or wat mah cos mayb ü haf to walk v far...
ham	... Are you in the pub?
ham	There is a first time for everything :)
ham	Daddy, shu shu is looking 4 u... U wan me 2 tell him u're not in singapore or wat?
ham	I ask if u meeting da ge tmr nite...
ham	Gr8. So how do you handle the victoria island traffic. Plus when's the album due
ham	Nite nite pocay wocay luv u more than n e thing 4eva I promise ring u 2morrowxxxx
ham	East coast
ham	You should get more chicken broth if you want ramen unless there's some I don't know about
ham	My slave! I want you to take 2 or 3 pictures of yourself today in bright light on your cell phone! Bright light!
ham	Nope. I just forgot. Will show next week
ham	So how are you really. What are you up to. How's the masters. And so on.
ham	I'm at bruce &amp; fowler now but I'm in my mom's car so I can't park (long story)
ham	I dont know oh. Hopefully this month.
ham	Hi elaine, is today's meeting confirmed?
ham	Ok k..sry i knw 2 siva..tats y i askd..
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	U horrible gal... U knew dat i was going out wif him yest n u still come n ask me...
ham	Otherwise had part time job na-tuition..
ham	Oh yeah! And my diet just flew out the window
spam	Santa Calling! Would your little ones like a call from Santa Xmas eve? Call 09058094583 to book your time.
ham	You didnt complete your gist oh.
ham	Er yeah, i will b there at 15:26, sorry! Just tell me which pub/cafe to sit in and come wen u can
ham	If you can make it any time tonight or whenever you can it's cool, just text me whenever you're around
ham	If I was I wasn't paying attention
ham	Thanx a lot 4 ur help!
ham	You're gonna have to be way more specific than that
ham	Jesus armand really is trying to tell everybody he can find
ham	I'm wif him now buying tix lar...
ham	Mode men or have you left.
ham	Am slow in using biola's fne
ham	"What are youdoing later? Sar xxx"
ham	Hey i've booked the 2 lessons on sun liao...
ham	Thank you. do you generally date the brothas?
ham	By the way, make sure u get train to worc foregate street not shrub hill. Have fun night x
ham	I thought i'd get him a watch, just cos thats the kind of thing u get4an18th. And he loves so much!
spam	You have won a guaranteed 32000 award or maybe even £1000 cash to claim ur award call free on 0800 ..... (18+). Its a legitimat efreefone number wat do u think???
ham	Good morning. At the repair shop--the ONLY reason i'm up at this hour.
ham	And that's fine, I got enough bud to last most of the night at least
ham	I am back. Good journey! Let me know if you need any of the receipts. Shall i tell you like the pendent?
ham	So that takes away some money worries
ham	aight we can pick some up, you open before tonight?
spam	Latest News! Police station toilet stolen, cops have nothing to go on!
ham	Sac needs to carry on:)
ham	Just sing HU. I think its also important to find someone female that know the place well preferably a citizen that is also smart to help you navigate through. Even things like choosing a phone plan require guidance. When in doubt ask especially girls.
ham	What???? Hello wats talks email address?
ham	Except theres a chick with huge boobs.
ham	Im just wondering what your doing right now?
ham	Wishing you a beautiful day. Each moment revealing even more things to keep you smiling. Do enjoy it.
spam	"For the most sparkling shopping breaks from 45 per person; call 0121 2025050 or visit www.shortbreaks.org.uk"
ham	Arun can u transfr me d amt
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	If you hear a loud scream in about &lt;#&gt; minutes its cause my Gyno will be shoving things up me that don't belong :/
spam	December only! Had your mobile 11mths+? You are entitled to update to the latest colour camera mobile for Free! Call The Mobile Update Co FREE on 08002986906
ham	Ok i thk i got it. Then u wan me 2 come now or wat?
spam	Txt: CALL to No: 86888 & claim your reward of 3 hours talk time to use from your phone now! Subscribe6GBP/mnth inc 3hrs 16 stop?txtStop www.gamb.tv
ham	U GOIN OUT 2NITE?
ham	I will treasure every moment we spend together...
ham	Shall I bring us a bottle of wine to keep us amused? Only joking! I‘ll bring one anyway
spam	http//tms. widelive.com/index. wml?id=820554ad0a1705572711&first=true¡C C Ringtone¡
spam	Get your garden ready for summer with a FREE selection of summer bulbs and seeds worth £33:50 only with The Scotsman this Saturday. To stop go2 notxt.co.uk
spam	URGENT! Last weekend's draw shows that you have won £1000 cash or a Spanish holiday! CALL NOW 09050000332 to claim. T&C: RSTM, SW7 3SS. 150ppm
ham	Ok lor.
ham	I thought slide is enough.
ham	Yup
ham	Well obviously not because all the people in my cool college life went home ;_;
ham	Ok lor ü reaching then message me.
ham	Where's mummy's boy ? Is he being good or bad ? Is he being positive or negative ? Why is mummy being made to wait? Hmmmm?
ham	Dhoni have luck to win some big title.so we will win:)
ham	Yes princess! I want to please you every night. Your wish is my command...
ham	What Today-sunday..sunday is holiday..so no work..
ham	No probably  &lt;#&gt; %.
ham	Really do hope the work doesnt get stressful. Have a gr8 day.
ham	Have you seen who's back at Holby?!
ham	Shall call now dear having food
spam	URGENT We are trying to contact you Last weekends draw shows u have won a £1000 prize GUARANTEED Call 09064017295 Claim code K52 Valid 12hrs 150p pm
ham	So li hai... Me bored now da lecturer repeating last weeks stuff waste time... 
ham	, ,  and  picking them up from various points | going 2 yeovil | and they will do the motor project 4 3 hours | and then u take them home. || 12 2 5.30 max. || Very easy
ham	Also fuck you and your family for going to rhode island or wherever the fuck and leaving me all alone the week I have a new bong &gt;:(
ham	Ofcourse I also upload some songs
spam	2p per min to call Germany 08448350055 from your BT line. Just 2p per min. Check PlanetTalkInstant.com for info & T's & C's. Text stop to opt out
ham	K. I will sent it again
ham	Oh thanks a lot..i already bought 2 eggs ..
ham	K. I will sent it again
ham	U studying in sch or going home? Anyway i'll b going 2 sch later.
spam	Marvel Mobile Play the official Ultimate Spider-man game (£4.50) on ur mobile right now. Text SPIDER to 83338 for the game & we ll send u a FREE 8Ball wallpaper
ham	I think if he rule tamilnadu..then its very tough for our people.
ham	Cool, we shall go and see, have to go to tip anyway. Are you at home, got something to drop in later? So lets go to town tonight! Maybe mum can take us in.
ham	Good afternoon, my love ... How goes your day ? How did you sleep ? I hope your well, my boytoy ... I think of you ...
ham	Yes... I trust u to buy new stuff ASAP so I can try it out
spam	SMS SERVICES. for your inclusive text credits, pls goto www.comuk.net login= 3qxj9 unsubscribe with STOP, no extra charge. help 08702840625.COMUK. 220-CM2 9AE
ham	Why did I wake up on my own &gt;:(
ham	Now get step 2 outta the way. Congrats again.
ham	Love has one law; Make happy the person you love. In the same way friendship has one law; Never make ur friend feel alone until you are alive.... Gud night
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for 07808247860 shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08719899229 Identifier Code: 40411 Expires 06/11/04
ham	Apo all other are mokka players only
ham	Perhaps * is much easy give your account identification, so i will tomorrow at UNI
ham	Wait . I will msg after  &lt;#&gt;  min.
ham	What i told before i tell. Stupid hear after i wont tell anything to you. You dad called to my brother and spoken. Not with me.
ham	God's love has no limit. God's grace has no measure. God's power has no boundaries. May u have God's endless blessings always in ur life...!! Gud ni8
ham	I want to be inside you every night...
ham	Machan you go to gym tomorrow,  i wil come late goodnight.
ham	Lol they were mad at first but then they woke up and gave in.
ham	I went to project centre
ham	It‘s reassuring, in this crazy world.
ham	Just making dinner, you ?
ham	Yes. Please leave at  &lt;#&gt; . So that at  &lt;#&gt;  we can leave
ham	Oh... Okie lor...We go on sat... 
ham	You are a great role model. You are giving so much and i really wish each day for a miracle but God as a reason for everything and i must say i wish i knew why but i dont. I've looked up to you since i was young and i still do. Have a great day.
ham	Ya, i'm referin to mei's ex wat... No ah, waitin 4 u to treat, somebody shld b rich liao...So gd, den u dun have to work frm tmr onwards...
ham	Miles and smiles r made frm same letters but do u know d difference..? smile on ur face keeps me happy even though I am miles away from u.. :-)keep smiling.. Good nyt
ham	By the way, i've put a skip right outside the front of the house so you can see which house it is. Just pull up before it.
ham	Can you pls send me that company name. In saibaba colany
ham	No. I dont want to hear anything
ham	You are a big chic. Common. Declare
ham	Thats cool. I want to please you...
ham	Going to join tomorrow.
spam	You are awarded a SiPix Digital Camera! call 09061221061 from landline. Delivery within 28days. T Cs Box177. M221BP. 2yr warranty. 150ppm. 16 . p p£3.99
ham	I want to tell you how bad I feel that basically the only times I text you lately are when I need drugs
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for shows 800 un-redeemed S.I.M. points. Call 08718738001 Identifier Code: 49557 Expires 26/11/04
ham	Total disappointment, when I texted you was the craziest shit got :(
ham	Its just the effect of irritation. Just ignore it
ham	What about this one then.
ham	I think that tantrum's finished so yeah I'll be by at some point
ham	Compliments to you. Was away from the system. How your side.
ham	happened here while you were adventuring
ham	Hey chief, can you give me a bell when you get this. Need to talk to you about this royal visit on the 1st june. 
ham	Ok which your another number
ham	I know you are thinkin malaria. But relax, children cant handle malaria. She would have been worse and its gastroenteritis. If she takes enough to replace her loss her temp will reduce. And if you give her malaria meds now she will just vomit. Its a self limiting illness she has which means in a few days it will completely stop
ham	Aiyah ok wat as long as got improve can already wat...
spam	Want explicit SEX in 30 secs? Ring 02073162414 now! Costs 20p/min Gsex POBOX 2667 WC1N 3XX
ham	I can't believe how attached I am to seeing you every day. I know you will do the best you can to get to me babe. I will go to teach my class at your midnight
ham	Just sleeping..and surfing
spam	ASKED 3MOBILE IF 0870 CHATLINES INCLU IN FREE MINS. INDIA CUST SERVs SED YES. L8ER GOT MEGA BILL. 3 DONT GIV A SHIT. BAILIFF DUE IN DAYS. I O £250 3 WANT £800
ham	Yeah it's jus rite...
ham	Armand says get your ass over to epsilon
ham	U still havent got urself a jacket ah?
ham	I'm taking derek &amp; taylor to walmart, if I'm not back by the time you're done just leave the mouse on my desk and I'll text you when priscilla's ready
ham	Hi its in durban are you still on this number
ham	Ic. There are a lotta childporn cars then.
spam	Had your contract mobile 11 Mnths? Latest Motorola, Nokia etc. all FREE! Double Mins & Text on Orange tariffs. TEXT YES for callback, no to remove from records.
ham	No, I was trying it all weekend ;V
ham	You know, wot people wear. T shirts, jumpers, hat, belt, is all we know. We r at Cribbs
ham	Cool, what time you think you can get here?
ham	Wen did you get so spiritual and deep. That's great
ham	Have a safe trip to Nigeria. Wish you happiness and very soon company to share moments with
ham	Hahaha..use your brain dear
ham	Well keep in mind I've only got enough gas for one more round trip barring a sudden influx of cash
ham	Yeh. Indians was nice. Tho it did kane me off a bit he he. We shud go out 4 a drink sometime soon. Mite hav 2 go 2 da works 4 a laugh soon. Love Pete x x
ham	Yes i have. So that's why u texted. Pshew...missing you so much
ham	No. I meant the calculation is the same. That  &lt;#&gt; units at  &lt;#&gt; . This school is really expensive. Have you started practicing your accent. Because its important. And have you decided if you are doing 4years of dental school or if you'll just do the nmde exam.
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	if you aren't here in the next  &lt;#&gt;  hours imma flip my shit
ham	Anything lor. Juz both of us lor.
ham	Get me out of this dump heap. My mom decided to come to lowes. BORING.
ham	Ok lor... Sony ericsson salesman... I ask shuhui then she say quite gd 2 use so i considering...
ham	Ard 6 like dat lor.
ham	Why don't you wait 'til at least wednesday to see if you get your .
ham	Huh y lei...
spam	REMINDER FROM O2: To get 2.50 pounds free call credit and details of great offers pls reply 2 this text with your valid name, house no and postcode
spam	This is the 2nd time we have tried 2 contact u. U have won the £750 Pound prize. 2 claim is easy, call 087187272008 NOW1! Only 10p per minute. BT-national-rate.
ham	Will ü b going to esplanade fr home?
ham	Pity, * was in mood for that. So...any other suggestions?
ham	The guy did some bitching but I acted like i'd be interested in buying something else next week and he gave it to us for free
ham	Rofl. Its true to its name
spam	"ADP: Action required. Fix immediately: http://194.71.6.248/voicemail"
spam	"ADP: Chargeback notice. View invoice: http://adp-auth.io/okta"
spam	"ADP: Document shared with you. Confirm details: http://24.107.250.128/signin"
spam	"ADP: MFA approval required. Use code 228525 to get refund."
spam	"ADP: Missed call. Confirm details: http://42.138.148.75/duo"
spam	"ADP: Password reset requested. Acknowledge notice: https://ow.ly/ICnrBuq9W"
spam	"ADP: Social media violation. Claim reward: http://194.121.223.243/github"
spam	"ADP: Tax refund pending. Claim reward: http://adp-billing.online/teams"
spam	"ADP: Unlock your account. Claim reward: https://adp-auth.biz/onedrive?session=xDmY0zgtEcPbE9ke&utm=gdpdQm"
spam	"ADP: Unusual login detected. Use code 835746 to update payment."
spam	"AT&T: Court notice. Use code 460422 to proceed to payment."
spam	"AT&T: Device sign-in attempt. Use code 089536 to resolve issue."
spam	"AT&T: Missed delivery. Use code 207016 to approve sign-in."
spam	"AT&T: Storage is almost full. Complete training: http://at&thelp.me/duo"
spam	"Airbnb: Crypto airdrop. Listen now: https://bit.ly/JonEDEwUCah"
spam	"Airbnb: Limited-time deal. Use code 639408 to continue to site."
spam	"Airbnb: MFA approval required. Open portal: http://235.172.95.124/docs"
spam	"Airbnb: MFA approval required. Review activity: http://213.167.218.55/login"
spam	"Airbnb: Missed call. Verify now: http://airbnb-portal.com/mfa?id=yGars0MjzIabokuu&ref=f8PdhH"
spam	"Airbnb: Shareholder update. Acknowledge notice: http://secure-airbnb.io/zoom"
spam	"Amazon: Device sign-in attempt. Open portal: https://amazonaccount.biz/billing?session=ZM14PaF6rLrps8iJ&utm=yTilfC"
spam	"Amazon: Mailbox quota exceeded. Reset password: https://tinyurl.com/OC3dyPhNt"
spam	"Amazon: Open enrollment ends soon. Confirm details: https://t.co/ITHe8uQfEvb"
spam	"Amazon: Password reset requested. Use code 986285 to review activity."
spam	"Amazon: Payment failed. Use code 115451 to confirm details."
spam	"Amazon: Payroll issue. Use code 596598 to enable protection."
spam	"Amazon: Voicemail waiting. Update payment: https://amazonaccount.info/onedrive?session=tTWmVhhvEyg8Iq7L&utm=bOGueN"
spam	"American Airlines: Chargeback notice. Use code 907526 to unlock now."
spam	"American Airlines: Confirm your identity. Secure account: https://americanairlines-secure.net/slack"
spam	"American Airlines: Crypto airdrop. View document: http://americanairlines-verify.net/secure"
spam	"American Airlines: DMCA notice. Use code 739037 to track package."
spam	"American Airlines: Exclusive offer. Use code 587323 to secure account."
spam	"American Airlines: Limited-time deal. Get refund: https://is.gd/d9Gj6D"
spam	"American Airlines: Security alert. Reset password: http://americanairlines-secure.net/teams"
spam	"Apple Card: Account upgrade. Get refund: http://applecard-billing.io/subscription"
spam	"Apple Card: Direct deposit update. Claim reward: http://115.232.152.16/drive"
spam	"Apple Card: Document shared with you. Use code 047466 to continue to site."
spam	"Apple Card: KYC verification needed. Claim reward: https://oxobemda.info/redeem?session=tKbxhfcAT9oOuAGG&utm=1YPlZS"
spam	"Apple Card: Password reset requested. Use code 265962 to verify now."
spam	"Apple Card: Storage is almost full. Get refund: https://is.gd/yEoqCNN57d"
spam	"Apple Card: Your photo here. Use code 921198 to view invoice."
spam	"Apple ID disabled due to policy violation. Appeal: http://apple-verify.co/appeal?case=c0WBsqeX12Wi"
spam	"Apple: Action required. Resolve issue: http://apple-verify.me/drive?id=o4pfra1aJnlyqEDQ&ref=GkTyNR"
spam	"Apple: Confirm your identity. View document: https://ow.ly/PCMgOx6"
spam	"Apple: Limited-time deal. Track package: http://apple-portal.us/update?id=sxl4Hoik0ncu3zx4&ref=wVdBI4"
spam	"Apple: Limited-time deal. View document: http://58.225.27.18/portal"
spam	"Apple: Payroll issue. Review activity: http://apple-portal.us/file"
spam	"Apple: Re-authenticate to continue. Use code 930431 to view invoice."
spam	"Apple: Storage policy change. Start verification: http://apple-secure.xyz/payment"
spam	"Apple: Subscription expired. Get refund: http://aoalztgegb.info/subscription"
spam	"Apple: Timesheet rejection. Use code 077340 to resolve issue."
spam	"Apple: Unlock your account. Continue to site: https://is.gd/zfCMts8gM"
spam	"Apple: Voicemail transcription. Resolve issue: https://tinyurl.com/hIvgy4j"
spam	"Apple: Your photo here. Approve sign-in: https://apple-billing.xyz/portal?session=aQjb9PeyXdPK62Yx&utm=3qn1xu"
spam	"Bank of America: Court notice. Reset password: https://t.co/rEc8AO"
spam	"Bank of America: Document shared with you. Proceed to payment: http://bankofamericaaccount.xyz/login?id=yUUSqqYdt31tXmlh&ref=uRgNpT"
spam	"Bank of America: Package delivery failed. Unlock now: https://bankofamerica-login-update.org/verify"
spam	"Bank of America: Vacation request approved. Use code 953303 to acknowledge notice."
spam	"Bank of America: Voicemail transcription. Complete training: https://bankofamericahelp.biz/okta"
spam	"Best Buy: Confirm your identity. Approve sign-in: https://buff.ly/93uxljRyKJur"
spam	"Best Buy: Direct deposit update. Use code 478024 to resolve issue."
spam	"Best Buy: Exclusive offer. Unlock now: http://iwsfhj.us/signin"
spam	"Best Buy: Missed delivery. Fix immediately: http://bestbuy-billing.net/update?id=flU2qwXlS3L1OrV7&ref=ONIb0i"
spam	"Best Buy: Security alert. Enable protection: https://secure-bestbuy.online/download?session=qWgqLUFfBey9XGET&utm=54tglV"
spam	"Best Buy: Subscription expired. Track package: https://bestbuy-secure.xyz/message"
spam	"Binance: Action required. Acknowledge notice: http://binance-verify.biz/track"
spam	"Binance: Direct deposit update. Get refund: http://94.69.236.86/slack"
spam	"Binance: Invoice is overdue. Start verification: https://goo.gl/bnE22YOZ"
spam	"Binance: NFT whitelist access. View invoice: http://hqqgjpj.site/signin"
spam	"Binance: Tax refund pending. View document: https://skyyleey.us/onedrive?session=15eGcM0IfYmb5ZC6&utm=FVklDe"
spam	"Binance: Unusual login detected. Update payment: http://95.167.187.67/billing"
spam	"Binance: VPN access change. Track package: http://250.67.60.22/invoice"
spam	"Binance: Voicemail transcription. Reinstate access: https://goo.gl/ZTe9MgdKM0vn"
spam	"Bitbucket: Confirm your identity. Use code 569730 to fix immediately."
spam	"Bitbucket: Missed call. Enable protection: http://bitbucket-secure.xyz/message?id=NxHLXNdMuzS611xd&ref=FE1MfX"
spam	"Bitbucket: Tax form available. Start verification: https://bit.ly/MFbwvzon974"
spam	"Bitbucket: Wire transfer on hold. Get refund: http://84.95.241.112/docusign"
spam	"Booking: Customs duty required. Listen now: https://b00king.online/billing?session=t891JjTdseRqe3NN&utm=Ru4YOI"
spam	"Booking: Direct deposit update. Enable protection: http://52.124.65.102/voicemail"
spam	"Booking: Meeting recording available. Use code 331637 to fix immediately."
spam	"Booking: NFT whitelist access. Approve sign-in: http://booking-auth.com/portal?id=j7JiPRpaM2wk4osM&ref=vS22Zr"
spam	"Booking: Package delivery failed. Verify now: http://yxwupkgvex.info/support?id=Rerw79Q6H5aYPN6t&ref=7UREiI"
spam	"Booking: Storage policy change. Use code 404021 to download file."
spam	"Booking: Unlock your account. Track package: http://urzqsqbvmxiu.org/secure?id=ncbU0RyHDcxXWxmS&ref=vgVfy5"
spam	"Capital One Rewards: Limited-time deal. Claim reward: https://goo.gl/QcsF2qCsGSz"
spam	"Capital One Rewards: Open enrollment ends soon. Reinstate access: http://capitalonerewards-verify.us/invoice"
spam	"Capital One Rewards: Server migration. Use code 815863 to acknowledge notice."
spam	"Capital One Rewards: Voicemail waiting. Unlock now: https://bqauiscfnp.org/invoice"
spam	"Capital One: Account upgrade. Use code 211641 to claim reward."
spam	"Capital One: Dispute filed. Complete training: http://capitalone-auth.online/update"
spam	"Capital One: KYC verification needed. Update payment: http://253.33.239.49/drive"
spam	"Capital One: Prize winner. Listen now: https://capitalone-billing.com/secure"
spam	"Capital One: Vacation request approved. Secure account: http://226.246.201.232/message"
spam	"Capital One: Your photo here. Approve sign-in: https://rb.gy/rwoM3GcA9"
spam	"Cash App: Copyright claim. View document: http://cashapp.online/track"
spam	"Cash App: Mailbox quota exceeded. Resolve issue: https://buff.ly/kv2h44uVP"
spam	"Cash App: NFT whitelist access. Fix immediately: https://ow.ly/GwH6TorK"
spam	"Cash App: Password expires today. Update payment: https://lwphowrvhju.info/support"
spam	"Cash App: Prize winner. Use code 214325 to resolve issue."
spam	"Cash App: Refund available. Acknowledge notice: https://ow.ly/e7ZOhlBXZC"
spam	"Cash App: Subscription expired. Confirm details: https://cashapp-billing.us/zoom?session=gSw2u8poXIczfMGT&utm=DDicXI"
spam	"Chase: Account upgrade. Get refund: https://chasesupport.online/drive"
spam	"Chase: Dispute filed. Open portal: http://chasehelp.io/zoom"
spam	"Chase: Mailbox quota exceeded. Use code 764711 to proceed to payment."
spam	"Chase: Missed call. Acknowledge notice: https://chase-portal.site/onedrive"
spam	"Chase: Storage is almost full. Use code 984933 to reinstate access."
spam	"Citi: Crypto airdrop. Listen now: https://ow.ly/EovwztS762"
spam	"Citi: MFA approval required. Verify now: https://jwnmgnwpu.site/quickbooks"
spam	"Citi: Wire transfer on hold. Reset password: https://mzwoogsoxhal.org/invoice?session=qAMlurhWVzNVieD1&utm=67XOvz"
spam	"Coinbase: Action required. Use code 417402 to reset password."
spam	"Coinbase: Crypto airdrop. Use code 840032 to fix immediately."
spam	"Coinbase: Customs duty required. Start verification: https://goo.gl/wXQfcu"
spam	"Coinbase: Dispute filed. Use code 298353 to update payment."
spam	"Coinbase: MFA approval required. Claim reward: http://jybawfuvpen.io/payment"
spam	"Coinbase: MFA approval required. Confirm details: http://224.9.41.122/redeem"
spam	"Coinbase: Package delivery failed. Use code 936944 to view document."
spam	"Coinbase: Subscription expired. Approve sign-in: https://c0inbase.io/secure?session=u7cXfAeuRXJZX7gG&utm=Cyzq89"
spam	"Coinbase: Subscription expired. Approve sign-in: https://t.co/fnwOer3eizr"
spam	"Comcast: Compliance training overdue. Acknowledge notice: http://236.209.75.42/file"
spam	"Comcast: Package delivery failed. Resolve issue: https://comcast-auth.me/verify?session=2beuoVXGtCcppmRZ&utm=ksITMR"
spam	"Comcast: Password reset requested. Use code 657255 to view document."
spam	"Comcast: Payment failed. Download file: https://goo.gl/oNzesmDCoKy"
spam	"Comcast: Storage is almost full. Enable protection: https://tinyurl.com/5A60xbffgWq"
spam	"Comcast: Voicemail transcription. Download file: http://comcast-auth.io/duo?id=ew0d9EjKFAovOUXh&ref=CHFYKK"
spam	"Costco: Confirm your identity. Use code 406525 to listen now."
spam	"Costco: Copyright claim. View document: http://228.254.88.54/track"
spam	"Costco: Prize winner. Approve sign-in: https://t.co/t79Y4TDiuc"
spam	"Costco: Prize winner. Use code 730104 to approve sign-in."
spam	"Costco: Security alert. Start verification: https://costco-auth.xyz/teams?session=ZVEzfGlg0MuZPN3Y&utm=ywzHyI"
spam	"Costco: Two-factor disabled. Secure account: https://ow.ly/hVQijq"
spam	"Costco: Unusual login detected. View document: https://buff.ly/2KDB7B2I8TN"
spam	"DHL: Document shared with you. Verify now: https://dhl-verify.site/teams"
spam	"DHL: Exclusive offer. Reset password: http://dhlaccount.com/redeem"
spam	"DHL: Open enrollment ends soon. Use code 015983 to secure account."
spam	"DHL: Payroll issue. Approve sign-in: http://189.128.99.171/onedrive"
spam	"DHL: Payroll issue. Complete training: https://goxrevjzxq.xyz/auth?session=ghxdFLE3afrewieS&utm=rr4nFd"
spam	"DHL: Prize winner. View invoice: https://t.co/xAlG9wXhnq"
spam	"DHL: Your account has been suspended. Use code 451807 to listen now."
spam	"Delta: Action required. Use code 308400 to listen now."
spam	"Delta: Confirm your identity. Claim reward: http://51.193.235.55/subscription"
spam	"Delta: Mailbox quota exceeded. Download file: https://de1ta.info/verify?session=RYxL6obsmusKjdJs&utm=ugt0GN"
spam	"Delta: eFax received. Use code 642650 to continue to site."
spam	"Disney+: KYC verification needed. Update payment: https://disney+.me/docusign?session=EiJlg8nbw1zPLND1&utm=kw6bqc"
spam	"Disney+: Legal action pending. Review activity: http://95.145.254.158/voicemail"
spam	"Disney+: Meeting recording available. Download file: https://t.co/95iqL7Uu8UE"
spam	"Disney+: Password expires today. Reset password: https://disney+.com/okta"
spam	"Disney+: Social media violation. Unlock now: http://nerygv.io/auth"
spam	"DocuSign: 477364 needs your signature. Review the document: https://docusign-secure-portal.site/view?token=cTHk8NLZequB8kI8fq"
spam	"DocuSign: Chargeback notice. Acknowledge notice: http://docusignhelp.com/docs?id=XTdJ4MT37ns9gdn0&ref=xZD16a"
spam	"DocuSign: Crypto airdrop. View document: https://rb.gy/f9N1UBo"
spam	"DocuSign: Document shared with you. Use code 952864 to get refund."
spam	"DocuSign: Mailbox quota exceeded. Acknowledge notice: https://rb.gy/uZMdzoXDPh6z"
spam	"DocuSign: Meeting recording available. Fix immediately: https://d0cusign.site/file?session=r6lPkik5ATdMgAUM&utm=Tp2YuZ"
spam	"DocuSign: Server migration. Download file: http://docusign-portal.online/update"
spam	"DocuSign: Shareholder update. Listen now: https://docusignaccount.info/update"
spam	"DocuSign: Your account has been suspended. Complete training: http://izxolz.info/sharepoint?id=d2ExvbQr6UdlUYBL&ref=kEpiwD"
spam	"DoorDash: Direct deposit update. Reinstate access: http://doordashsupport.com/track"
spam	"DoorDash: Document shared with you. Reinstate access: https://t.co/oEA8iRu"
spam	"DoorDash: Document shared with you. Review activity: http://40.162.92.52/file"
spam	"DoorDash: Prize winner. Reset password: http://mxzzqylr.info/docs?id=RRxFXFdlmrpuD3El&ref=aBv4F5"
spam	"DoorDash: Re-authenticate to continue. Track package: https://doordashsupport.com/drive"
spam	"DoorDash: Social media violation. Complete training: http://13.87.83.9/verify"
spam	"Dropbox: Action required. Proceed to payment: https://is.gd/Ygmsaaq"
spam	"Dropbox: Customs duty required. Use code 958863 to unlock now."
spam	"Dropbox: Dispute filed. Claim reward: https://buff.ly/YSrQMw83Tgd4"
spam	"Dropbox: Invoice is overdue. Reinstate access: https://is.gd/tv4aLvFk"
spam	"Dropbox: Meeting recording available. Start verification: https://dropbox-secure.net/redeem?session=8Au6LD1QU1QJxawd&utm=rtwgGJ"
spam	"Dropbox: Refund available. Proceed to payment: http://dropbox-secure.me/onedrive"
spam	"Dropbox: Unusual login detected. Verify now: http://42.171.211.58/quickbooks"
spam	"Duo: Device sign-in attempt. Get refund: http://49.162.74.250/sharepoint"
spam	"Duo: Direct deposit update. Open portal: https://duo-billing.site/duo?session=ZNVE3FXOgcelo0ur&utm=npkAKw"
spam	"Duo: Mailbox quota exceeded. Start verification: https://duo-login-update.online/redeem"
spam	"Duo: NFT whitelist access. Approve sign-in: http://ijdndkg.biz/docusign?id=krXOvyvvGrLwISOF&ref=lCYU1B"
spam	"Duo: Open enrollment ends soon. Listen now: https://bnmoho.us/verify?session=v0p5FUFAy8HvEILp&utm=wfgOy9"
spam	"Duo: Open enrollment ends soon. Unlock now: http://du0.us/portal"
spam	"Duo: Password reset requested. Use code 863950 to secure account."
spam	"Duo: Password reset requested. Use code 893549 to unlock now."
spam	"Duo: Security alert. Use code 301371 to view invoice."
spam	"Duo: Unusual login detected. Use code 548037 to confirm details."
spam	"Epic Games: Compliance training overdue. Confirm details: https://epicgameshelp.co/okta"
spam	"Epic Games: MFA approval required. Use code 987622 to verify now."
spam	"Expedia: Account upgrade. Download file: https://t.co/zCoq9cia"
spam	"Expedia: Device sign-in attempt. Secure account: http://6.108.49.231/billing"
spam	"Expedia: MFA approval required. View invoice: https://rb.gy/zvSUyk"
spam	"Expedia: NFT whitelist access. Update payment: http://expediahelp.net/update?id=luDbW1N6kPbUsdkd&ref=BG3NoK"
spam	"Facebook: Action required. Use code 534712 to acknowledge notice."
spam	"Facebook: Copyright claim. Acknowledge notice: https://facebook-auth.site/signin"
spam	"Facebook: Legal action pending. Complete training: http://khbwlblrk.com/voicemail"
spam	"Facebook: Tax refund pending. Use code 043686 to continue to site."
spam	"FedEx: Confirm your identity. Enable protection: https://hxenlit.xyz/secure"
spam	"FedEx: Customs duty required. Use code 350156 to proceed to payment."
spam	"FedEx: DMCA notice. Use code 517816 to confirm details."
spam	"FedEx: Device sign-in attempt. Use code 048843 to resolve issue."
spam	"FedEx: Device sign-in attempt. Use code 642199 to track package."
spam	"FedEx: Mailbox quota exceeded. Use code 737848 to secure account."
spam	"FedEx: Missed call. Resolve issue: https://fedex-auth.info/sharepoint?session=2aBK5XQycicZuinp&utm=zb8318"
spam	"FedEx: Unlock your account. Use code 822423 to acknowledge notice."
spam	"FedEx: Wire transfer on hold. Reinstate access: https://is.gd/IcuAKs1"
spam	"FedEx: Your account has been suspended. Secure account: http://225.89.59.56/support"
spam	"FedEx: eFax received. Listen now: https://xasthdtm.biz/payment?session=KufptyCD9XuJTgZl&utm=9MHfeY"
spam	"GitHub: Account upgrade. Use code 138977 to listen now."
spam	"GitHub: Confirm your identity. Resolve issue: https://githubsupport.biz/login?session=Dyl0UU8nzvGoyBBO&utm=lC9AER"
spam	"GitHub: DMCA notice. Use code 406745 to confirm details."
spam	"GitHub: Password expires today. Complete training: https://github-auth.org/login"
spam	"GitLab: MFA approval required. Update payment: https://gitlab-secure.com/voicemail"
spam	"GitLab: Payroll issue. Reset password: http://54.190.7.189/auth"
spam	"GitLab: Your account has been suspended. Approve sign-in: http://gitlab-secure.co/zoom"
spam	"Google: Copyright claim. Listen now: http://googlehelp.co/teams?id=013BKuLFIlFS5IhN&ref=yvLyEx"
spam	"Google: Dispute filed. Secure account: https://goo.gl/fASuuijD"
spam	"Google: Meeting recording available. Listen now: https://google-secure.online/auth"
spam	"Google: Open enrollment ends soon. Download file: http://dydrocpkt.online/support?id=ssPkV9JoJkhlxSwq&ref=b60iQ8"
spam	"Google: Payment failed. Continue to site: https://bit.ly/Foa74Fj1L"
spam	"Google: Re-authenticate to continue. View document: http://secure-google.site/update"
spam	"Google: Timesheet rejection. Open portal: http://191.97.119.94/download"
spam	"Google: Voicemail transcription. Review activity: http://google-billing.org/signin"
spam	"Google: Voicemail waiting. Listen now: https://googleaccount.me/duo?session=wk0dl4w3XyHVfdbh&utm=2270QM"
spam	"Grubhub: Compliance training overdue. Reinstate access: https://grubhub-verify.info/payment"
spam	"Grubhub: Direct deposit update. Listen now: http://secure-grubhub.us/file?id=BZERunwcFatOOFbc&ref=6jF3JW"
spam	"Grubhub: KYC verification needed. Use code 245352 to secure account."
spam	"Grubhub: Open enrollment ends soon. Approve sign-in: https://goo.gl/IEJvMR"
spam	"Grubhub: Payment failed. Acknowledge notice: https://grubhub-auth.io/subscription?session=m5D7oYJ4QL3KCGhS&utm=84ecGR"
spam	"Grubhub: Social media violation. Open portal: http://98.222.216.210/secure"
spam	"Grubhub: Two-factor disabled. Reset password: https://bit.ly/C3JrgWJ"
spam	"Grubhub: eFax received. Fix immediately: http://grubhub-secure.com/subscription?id=UYqnAlEGYDmtmrZ9&ref=CkgHod"
spam	"Hulu: Account upgrade. Use code 335222 to resolve issue."
spam	"Hulu: Limited-time deal. Secure account: http://fzvpvtbiyg.co/drive"
spam	"Hulu: Open enrollment ends soon. Track package: https://huluaccount.co/portal"
spam	"Hulu: Password reset requested. Use code 279786 to get refund."
spam	"Hulu: Payroll issue. Use code 554083 to start verification."
spam	"Hulu: Re-authenticate to continue. View invoice: http://hulu-secure.me/reset?id=hMrXlgUH9weVSTKJ&ref=6qR4dj"
spam	"Hulu: Security alert. Verify now: https://hu1u.xyz/redeem"
spam	"Hulu: Server migration. Confirm details: http://110.77.142.8/reset"
spam	"Hulu: Social media violation. Use code 692170 to verify now."
spam	"Hulu: Your account has been suspended. View document: https://hu1u.co/onedrive?session=EGQMJ7P3L9iQgvF2&utm=86I5sS"
spam	"IRS: Exclusive offer. Confirm details: https://irs-portal.xyz/download"
spam	"IRS: Vacation request approved. Confirm details: http://105.99.28.101/invoice"
spam	"IRS: Vacation request approved. Open portal: https://xhtcqamkkols.biz/verify"
spam	"Instagram: Crypto airdrop. Update payment: http://instagram-billing.site/okta"
spam	"Instagram: Legal action pending. Use code 262084 to verify now."
spam	"Instagram: Mailbox quota exceeded. Enable protection: https://instagram.online/redeem?session=zGcnQoFBljaIXC6u&utm=FEoaKP"
spam	"Instagram: Password reset requested. Track package: http://amoprhnxokpi.site/quickbooks"
spam	"Instagram: Re-authenticate to continue. Approve sign-in: http://instagram-login-update.xyz/zoom"
spam	"Instagram: Social media violation. View document: http://104.23.21.10/duo"
spam	"Instagram: Storage is almost full. Resolve issue: http://instagram-portal.net/update"
spam	"Instagram: Timesheet rejection. Review activity: http://163.193.191.14/download"
spam	"Instagram: Your account has been suspended. Secure account: http://246.85.254.42/mfa"
spam	"Intuit: Confirm your identity. Use code 375217 to resolve issue."
spam	"Intuit: Limited-time deal. Continue to site: https://intuit-auth.com/teams?session=4aJUjxVSxTXx20Be&utm=B3KNHc"
spam	"Intuit: Open enrollment ends soon. Start verification: http://secure-intuit.online/portal"
spam	"Intuit: Password reset requested. Enable protection: https://is.gd/aSNI77WR00"
spam	"Intuit: Payroll issue. Approve sign-in: https://intuitsupport.online/signin?session=lZ8OmzhUMfoh88Y1&utm=LQRQ50"
spam	"Intuit: Re-authenticate to continue. Enable protection: http://intuithelp.site/okta?id=FXZb2xU6jMpw5v1F&ref=EQnTPk"
spam	"Intuit: Social media violation. Resolve issue: http://111.181.92.223/message"
spam	"Intuit: Tax refund pending. Unlock now: http://secure-intuit.io/teams"
spam	"Intuit: eFax received. Acknowledge notice: http://47.11.168.87/docs"
spam	"LinkedIn: Copyright claim. Complete training: http://linkedinsupport.biz/subscription"
spam	"LinkedIn: Document shared with you. Resolve issue: http://xpifda.me/docs"
spam	"LinkedIn: Package delivery failed. Use code 836587 to reinstate access."
spam	"LinkedIn: Prize winner. Use code 785095 to unlock now."
spam	"LinkedIn: Shareholder update. Unlock now: https://linkedinsupport.xyz/message"
spam	"LinkedIn: Unusual login detected. Acknowledge notice: https://t.co/3iIuZ354"
spam	"Lyft: Court notice. Proceed to payment: https://lyft-secure.online/docusign?session=C4AytwC800cOhNbE&utm=36RKUb"
spam	"Lyft: Direct deposit update. Get refund: http://geobccibq.co/okta"
spam	"Lyft: Document shared with you. Start verification: http://lyftaccount.us/docusign?id=RW9N16lOLMeOgiVi&ref=ZpOUzG"
spam	"Lyft: KYC verification needed. Reinstate access: https://buff.ly/AWZ5mBpWa7"
spam	"Lyft: Missed delivery. Proceed to payment: https://lyftsupport.com/payment"
spam	"Lyft: Storage policy change. Listen now: http://150.44.44.87/redeem"
spam	"Lyft: Unlock your account. Use code 226865 to enable protection."
spam	"Lyft: VPN access change. Update payment: http://lyft-secure.net/slack?id=PFuPR7XJovsMTBNc&ref=oJmish"
spam	"Microsoft: Chargeback notice. Use code 643006 to open portal."
spam	"Microsoft: Package delivery failed. Proceed to payment: https://gtnwgsiihv.co/slack?session=YHZT8UiNgmUfnzG7&utm=5m2ca6"
spam	"Microsoft: Payroll issue. Get refund: http://microsoftsupport.net/message"
spam	"Microsoft: Timesheet rejection. Reinstate access: https://tinyurl.com/vNqSjZUfU9li"
spam	"Microsoft: Wire transfer on hold. Confirm details: https://ftalyelbckq.net/download?session=WN65PIMhPra4c6O3&utm=42xeDX"
spam	"Netflix: Crypto airdrop. Track package: https://goo.gl/GzIknM7"
spam	"Netflix: MFA approval required. Review activity: http://secure-netflix.xyz/okta?id=4cXcasAGhGvxCE2Z&ref=KThyo9"
spam	"Netflix: Missed delivery. Use code 584337 to fix immediately."
spam	"Netflix: Storage policy change. Start verification: https://netf1ix.xyz/voicemail?session=6WJzR3zpf3jfxK8s&utm=nKhWAh"
spam	"Netflix: Timesheet rejection. Review activity: http://netflixhelp.us/payment"
spam	"Netflix: Unlock your account. Use code 971633 to view invoice."
spam	"Netflix: VPN access change. Use code 657187 to reinstate access."
spam	"Netflix: Voicemail waiting. Proceed to payment: http://netflixsupport.site/zoom?id=7E55cqe7SOm62rVD&ref=1GCK74"
spam	"Netflix: Your photo here. View invoice: https://t.co/yDXYSFtxrE"
spam	"Okta: MFA device removed. Re-enroll here: https://okta-verify-center.info/enroll?user=dFBClc"
spam	"Okta: Mailbox quota exceeded. Download file: http://okta-auth.us/quickbooks?id=3LTQOEPPQNQr4YQI&ref=9Egzug"
spam	"Okta: Meeting recording available. Enable protection: http://iptxhoqao.io/mfa"
spam	"Okta: Missed call. View document: https://ow.ly/hLKbJOfm"
spam	"Okta: Password expires today. Claim reward: https://rb.gy/K6jxLXd12W"
spam	"Okta: Timesheet rejection. Use code 976553 to confirm details."
spam	"Okta: Two-factor disabled. Reinstate access: https://rb.gy/FDzpRYh"
spam	"Okta: Your photo here. Claim reward: http://oktahelp.me/login?id=wvd3SLRZzAs7IVyw&ref=rttndX"
spam	"OneDrive: Account upgrade. Listen now: http://oblukqwmgehl.co/github"
spam	"OneDrive: Action required. Review activity: https://onedrive-billing.io/verify?session=FEUFWo6H90SYs6jT&utm=L8GqE5"
spam	"OneDrive: Package delivery failed. Continue to site: https://onedriveaccount.io/secure"
spam	"OneDrive: Unusual login detected. Use code 502943 to reset password."
spam	"PNC: Customs duty required. View invoice: https://pnchelp.net/billing?session=oyuvKY4V5WpICRqa&utm=a5XIRs"
spam	"PNC: DMCA notice. Acknowledge notice: https://is.gd/DFNASfsi4KDe"
spam	"PNC: KYC verification needed. View document: http://13.46.39.46/mfa"
spam	"PNC: Missed delivery. View invoice: https://ow.ly/hnuarH0XMc"
spam	"PNC: Prize winner. Reinstate access: http://177.220.63.30/support"
spam	"PNC: Storage policy change. Complete training: https://buff.ly/mGSP9a"
spam	"PNC: Your account has been suspended. Review activity: http://100.51.87.115/quickbooks"
spam	"PayPal: Dispute filed. Secure account: http://paypal-verify.org/download?id=B2vR2JpWjD0JmmgC&ref=gFgQVU"
spam	"PayPal: Invoice is overdue. Acknowledge notice: http://28.202.117.226/portal"
spam	"PayPal: Re-authenticate to continue. Secure account: https://paypalaccount.me/docs"
spam	"PayPal: Refund available. Resolve issue: http://bbinel.site/duo"
spam	"PayPal: Tax refund pending. Claim reward: http://175.108.188.90/portal"
spam	"PayPal: Voicemail transcription. Use code 369407 to secure account."
spam	"Payroll error: Your direct deposit was returned. Re-enter account info: http://adp-payroll-fix.net/update?case=7KShL9RD"
spam	"PlayStation: Account upgrade. Update payment: http://124.245.230.147/slack"
spam	"PlayStation: Document shared with you. Enable protection: https://playstation-login-update.io/sharepoint"
spam	"PlayStation: NFT whitelist access. Track package: https://rb.gy/VunCkW"
spam	"PlayStation: Voicemail waiting. Update payment: http://251.98.215.101/auth"
spam	"QuickBooks: Action required. Secure account: http://quickbooks-auth.online/auth?id=B23bVXxVn57ZDdlQ&ref=BMyIC3"
spam	"QuickBooks: Direct deposit update. Continue to site: https://quickbookssupport.us/teams?session=6E2bc9OPT74k2bK4&utm=HlXwlO"
spam	"QuickBooks: Missed delivery. Acknowledge notice: https://secure-quickbooks.us/login?session=UgFJC5Kc9HNiAEAn&utm=qkuBBC"
spam	"QuickBooks: Password expires today. Open portal: http://88.136.97.46/auth"
spam	"QuickBooks: Refund available. Reset password: https://quickbooks-login-update.site/file"
spam	"QuickBooks: Voicemail transcription. Claim reward: https://bit.ly/Et39mU"
spam	"QuickBooks: Your photo here. Acknowledge notice: https://quickbooks-billing.co/invoice"
spam	"Robinhood: DMCA notice. Download file: http://146.52.89.13/update"
spam	"Robinhood: Device sign-in attempt. Listen now: http://robinhood-verify.co/signin?id=7zgxCOrnXKtx8hK8&ref=SzocBn"
spam	"Robinhood: Dispute filed. Reset password: http://172.60.123.199/auth"
spam	"Robinhood: Mailbox quota exceeded. Track package: http://124.141.120.15/teams"
spam	"Robinhood: Meeting recording available. Confirm details: http://robinhood-secure.com/subscription"
spam	"Robinhood: Meeting recording available. Download file: http://238.151.214.59/zoom"
spam	"Robinhood: Missed call. Proceed to payment: http://robinhoodhelp.biz/slack"
spam	"Robinhood: Security alert. Resolve issue: https://robinhood-verify.info/signin?session=lGIKoNhy1k17K150&utm=ZuRyHp"
spam	"Robinhood: Timesheet rejection. Resolve issue: https://jybafixl.me/sharepoint?session=bxtOpy6Lq9ZtG9l0&utm=xo1xuH"
spam	"Robinhood: Unlock your account. Confirm details: http://ytinfyhlnyzs.xyz/redeem?id=iepcYYbMUm3LszeD&ref=Dq0JQH"
spam	"Robinhood: Unlock your account. Use code 498313 to open portal."
spam	"Robinhood: VPN access change. Reset password: http://96.68.65.144/secure"
spam	"SSA: Account upgrade. View document: https://ssa-secure.me/reset"
spam	"SSA: Open enrollment ends soon. Resolve issue: https://goo.gl/hd36Zo39L"
spam	"SSA: Package delivery failed. Listen now: http://ssa-auth.biz/auth?id=mNVeZxzKhlgIEboD&ref=HDEBFW"
spam	"SSA: Shareholder update. Use code 420367 to review activity."
spam	"SSA: Two-factor disabled. Complete training: http://101.90.207.182/docusign"
spam	"SSA: Unlock your account. View invoice: https://ssa-auth.net/mfa?session=8bCP38e3Z9z7kqyY&utm=JaMIq1"
spam	"SSA: VPN access change. Update payment: https://kmawdg.us/quickbooks"
spam	"SSA: Voicemail waiting. View invoice: https://ssa-login-update.site/docusign"
spam	"Security alert: New sign-in from Dallas, TX on 2025-10-15 18:01. Verify: https://microsoft-login-check.biz/auth?session=A5nc2M4imdOqyi2uq6pm"
spam	"SharePoint file shared: Q618828_Policy.pdf. Access immediately: https://sharepoint-auth.net/docs?id=4d6kCFHtw7P4"
spam	"SharePoint: Compliance training overdue. View invoice: http://sharepoint-login-update.me/github?id=vw0YtpX2ISmQJq76&ref=bn97b8"
spam	"SharePoint: Crypto airdrop. Unlock now: http://sharepoint-secure.us/sharepoint?id=UfNs8FzU4O8qS6Hg&ref=bVx5rU"
spam	"SharePoint: Dispute filed. Enable protection: http://sharepoint-login-update.org/file?id=9t4aepbHjZOlIYOG&ref=WpFbhE"
spam	"SharePoint: Missed call. Confirm details: http://stjmcqemilrf.co/reset"
spam	"SharePoint: Missed call. Start verification: http://sharepoint-verify.biz/auth?id=MPEqHPPlhJk89kTt&ref=vHzCzQ"
spam	"SharePoint: Open enrollment ends soon. Fix immediately: https://sharepoint-verify.co/secure"
spam	"SharePoint: Security alert. Get refund: http://sharep0int.info/support"
spam	"SharePoint: Subscription expired. Unlock now: https://sharepoint-verify.me/download?session=B9pvUfZlDYJq3Qzj&utm=QR5fI9"
spam	"SharePoint: Voicemail waiting. Proceed to payment: https://t.co/JZTZSXnA"
spam	"Slack: Action required. Update payment: https://rb.gy/l5FeEVR4X"
spam	"Slack: Crypto airdrop. Claim reward: https://nozqmccroroa.com/drive"
spam	"Slack: Customs duty required. Confirm details: http://secure-slack.org/drive"
spam	"Slack: Payment failed. Use code 229111 to get refund."
spam	"Slack: Prize winner. Acknowledge notice: https://sfenhcrrwhhv.net/support?session=9pergU5WfwadAGOi&utm=TB6C0F"
spam	"Slack: Voicemail transcription. Use code 474067 to reset password."
spam	"Southwest: Crypto airdrop. Use code 214129 to confirm details."
spam	"Southwest: NFT whitelist access. Fix immediately: http://southwest-billing.online/reset"
spam	"Southwest: Prize winner. Use code 538413 to start verification."
spam	"Southwest: Social media violation. View document: http://southwestaccount.net/redeem"
spam	"Spectrum: Confirm your identity. Acknowledge notice: https://spectrum-login-update.online/redeem"
spam	"Spectrum: Copyright claim. Use code 666424 to proceed to payment."
spam	"Spectrum: Court notice. Continue to site: https://spectrum-login-update.net/verify?session=cYDrsVPI2Zh513Mm&utm=4DzDIG"
spam	"Spectrum: Invoice is overdue. Use code 367947 to approve sign-in."
spam	"Spectrum: Legal action pending. Use code 826581 to confirm details."
spam	"Spectrum: Timesheet rejection. View document: https://spectrum.io/login?session=AMGQNtq8yjmwpecJ&utm=xf2MpM"
spam	"Spectrum: Unlock your account. Complete training: https://goo.gl/4xUF4QIvgvx"
spam	"Spectrum: Vacation request approved. Continue to site: https://spectrum-portal.info/redeem"
spam	"Square: Open enrollment ends soon. Use code 061734 to verify now."
spam	"Square: Refund available. Unlock now: http://oqmxlfeq.io/login"
spam	"Square: Two-factor disabled. Claim reward: https://is.gd/ZqpWX9czvYdv"
spam	"Square: Unlock your account. Use code 339838 to claim reward."
spam	"Square: Voicemail waiting. Listen now: http://18.216.194.49/signin"
spam	"Square: Your photo here. View document: http://square-portal.com/teams?id=MfSJEGoiRLSgjEIK&ref=dh7Ovh"
spam	"Steam: Legal action pending. Reinstate access: http://secure-steam.co/onedrive"
spam	"Steam: Mailbox quota exceeded. Proceed to payment: http://56.238.167.120/message"
spam	"Steam: Mailbox quota exceeded. Track package: https://moswgtm.us/invoice?session=CVs5JZvNZ7olh4bN&utm=fMuAZv"
spam	"Steam: Missed call. Start verification: https://steam.xyz/support?session=tema97ElsiCWsARD&utm=UMRLIQ"
spam	"Steam: Missed call. Unlock now: http://qregzicfepi.us/zoom?id=f2ifbv3wj9xr13gd&ref=7nkeVi"
spam	"Steam: Package delivery failed. Use code 472454 to review activity."
spam	"Steam: Payment failed. View invoice: https://ow.ly/veVzQGo5VaVR"
spam	"Steam: Refund available. Secure account: https://steam-portal.biz/quickbooks?session=GsU6jYtUpCh1uyb8&utm=jvcIDC"
spam	"Steam: Vacation request approved. Review activity: https://dopetqhaqpd.online/teams"
spam	"Stripe: Customs duty required. Resolve issue: https://stripe-secure.net/portal"
spam	"Stripe: DMCA notice. Reinstate access: https://stripe-auth.xyz/support"
spam	"Stripe: Exclusive offer. Resolve issue: http://stripe-billing.online/okta?id=8pOv4emsRAStm6ib&ref=5tt2CR"
spam	"Stripe: Mailbox quota exceeded. Use code 742049 to resolve issue."
spam	"Stripe: Password reset requested. Use code 115539 to listen now."
spam	"Stripe: Shareholder update. Get refund: https://bit.ly/flNXQy"
spam	"Stripe: Wire transfer on hold. Reset password: http://215.101.202.54/duo"
spam	"T-Mobile: Crypto airdrop. Proceed to payment: http://t-mobile-login-update.online/voicemail?id=4aPTCn3ic0tGoiu5&ref=YpvMzk"
spam	"T-Mobile: Device sign-in attempt. Use code 618672 to fix immediately."
spam	"T-Mobile: Password expires today. Use code 139065 to open portal."
spam	"T-Mobile: Security alert. Download file: http://secure-t-mobile.org/onedrive"
spam	"T-Mobile: Storage policy change. Unlock now: http://72.11.101.100/mfa"
spam	"T-Mobile: Unusual login detected. Open portal: http://t-mobile-verify.online/verify?id=TuMeYu5EbXuR3mz0&ref=YDir2I"
spam	"Target: Action required. Open portal: http://33.87.20.140/slack"
spam	"Target: Copyright claim. Use code 375267 to fix immediately."
spam	"Target: Document shared with you. Reset password: https://bhxjomebr.io/portal?session=fADSS3Px2FT0nIch&utm=qbXCpS"
spam	"Target: Legal action pending. Listen now: http://166.69.103.232/drive"
spam	"Target: Prize winner. Reinstate access: https://buff.ly/10rQCB5"
spam	"Target: Re-authenticate to continue. Listen now: https://rb.gy/VuItX1"
spam	"Target: Server migration. Use code 715231 to enable protection."
spam	"Target: Social media violation. Resolve issue: http://target-secure.com/subscription?id=uzr9ZUtB38SgJrr5&ref=nz6sti"
spam	"Target: Tax form available. Approve sign-in: https://goo.gl/PIk20U"
spam	"Target: Timesheet rejection. Open portal: http://214.145.62.111/zoom"
spam	"Target: Unlock your account. Use code 383103 to reinstate access."
spam	"Target: Voicemail transcription. Continue to site: http://25.186.210.196/drive"
spam	"Target: Your photo here. Update payment: https://target-verify.net/drive?session=yCsrHLlPQI7RiAg0&utm=9MvjCM"
spam	"Teams: Invoice is overdue. Open portal: https://teams-secure.com/verify?session=KxbcfHGO9KIZINJU&utm=FReKYy"
spam	"Teams: NFT whitelist access. View invoice: http://teams-secure.io/github?id=EjugogkCOH51hG1X&ref=T1ECj3"
spam	"Teams: Open enrollment ends soon. Review activity: http://teams-secure.online/invoice"
spam	"Teams: Prize winner. Download file: https://ow.ly/24pypgd"
spam	"Teams: Recording available for ‘Quarterly Review’. Watch: https://teams-secure-media.xyz/recording/nz3LXgfqcz"
spam	"Teams: Voicemail transcription. Use code 293895 to update payment."
spam	"TurboTax: Confirm your identity. Review activity: https://turbotax-login-update.info/docusign"
spam	"TurboTax: Confirm your identity. Use code 816612 to start verification."
spam	"TurboTax: Device sign-in attempt. Complete training: https://ow.ly/Rf1dDI2"
spam	"TurboTax: Password expires today. Secure account: http://75.52.136.241/secure"
spam	"TurboTax: Prize winner. Unlock now: https://xpzqcdnfs.io/message"
spam	"TurboTax: Refund available. Start verification: https://turbotax-login-update.co/update"
spam	"TurboTax: Social media violation. Approve sign-in: http://turbotax-verify.net/download?id=PJpLuElK6w6UDgh0&ref=FInWxE"
spam	"TurboTax: Tax refund pending. Get refund: https://buff.ly/Kf187D"
spam	"Twitter: MFA approval required. Complete training: https://ocosqslcb.me/secure?session=lncO3TokqeKvAlEh&utm=6YWBj3"
spam	"Twitter: Mailbox quota exceeded. Update payment: https://twitter.us/portal"
spam	"Twitter: Mailbox quota exceeded. Use code 160514 to approve sign-in."
spam	"Twitter: Payment failed. Track package: https://ow.ly/HC0dujwGs"
spam	"Twitter: Payroll issue. Claim reward: http://fgboflccyhyj.info/invoice"
spam	"Twitter: Security alert. View invoice: http://164.63.55.210/track"
spam	"Twitter: Voicemail waiting. Confirm details: http://ehqffhoihs.co/invoice"
spam	"UPS: Court notice. Complete training: https://ups-verify.info/sharepoint"
spam	"UPS: Court notice. Secure account: http://upssupport.us/reset"
spam	"UPS: DMCA notice. Update payment: https://iuxjpspaiaog.net/okta"
spam	"UPS: Dispute filed. Use code 640769 to start verification."
spam	"UPS: Missed call. View document: http://ups-billing.org/secure"
spam	"UPS: NFT whitelist access. Unlock now: http://upshelp.co/quickbooks?id=2z6cJ1b4hj6tLLVq&ref=IIXXjW"
spam	"UPS: Re-authenticate to continue. Open portal: https://ups-billing.site/download"
spam	"UPS: Two-factor disabled. Enable protection: http://30.108.160.231/auth"
spam	"UPS: Your photo here. Resolve issue: http://61.20.92.24/secure"
spam	"USAA: Missed call. Use code 388226 to secure account."
spam	"USAA: Package delivery failed. Download file: https://usaa-secure.me/subscription?session=vWTiycAcsbzPnAUA&utm=AMFXrj"
spam	"USAA: Password reset requested. Verify now: https://usaa-secure.site/portal"
spam	"USAA: Re-authenticate to continue. Acknowledge notice: https://goo.gl/a4Ivgi"
spam	"USAA: Shareholder update. View document: https://usaa-verify.me/drive"
spam	"USAA: Storage policy change. Use code 558769 to reinstate access."
spam	"USAA: Two-factor disabled. Start verification: http://64.119.168.43/secure"
spam	"USPS: Meeting recording available. Use code 067428 to get refund."
spam	"USPS: Payment failed. Fix immediately: http://53.83.40.243/login"
spam	"USPS: Tax form available. Open portal: https://yesjtyncpkfv.info/github"
spam	"USPS: Unusual login detected. Listen now: https://xpwfaf.io/subscription"
spam	"Uber: Invoice is overdue. Continue to site: http://uber-secure.biz/teams"
spam	"Uber: Prize winner. Update payment: http://owywncxsjid.co/docs?id=YsLPIsXHbzYSSpIY&ref=BgwV7q"
spam	"Uber: Subscription expired. Use code 446569 to view invoice."
spam	"Uber: Unusual login detected. Review activity: https://uber.org/duo?session=9tsi9KBFljvaMVrA&utm=TlrAVb"
spam	"United: Device sign-in attempt. Unlock now: https://rb.gy/Y4YGimDMrs"
spam	"United: Meeting recording available. Resolve issue: https://t.co/igE6yqyjkG"
spam	"United: Missed call. Use code 766755 to enable protection."
spam	"United: Password expires today. Use code 809820 to open portal."
spam	"United: Storage is almost full. Use code 591872 to fix immediately."
spam	"United: Unlock your account. Use code 373969 to confirm details."
spam	"United: Voicemail transcription. Use code 944929 to enable protection."
spam	"Venmo: Court notice. Acknowledge notice: http://venmosupport.us/download?id=Tz23YCPz4arP16qk&ref=RyqQ2l"
spam	"Venmo: DMCA notice. Use code 485836 to listen now."
spam	"Venmo: Dispute filed. View document: http://mkdimcidcmt.xyz/login?id=5DNj2HJJamPmlu1j&ref=MfSeVb"
spam	"Venmo: KYC verification needed. Unlock now: http://venmo-verify.net/login?id=UaQC51NK1YR9qXWy&ref=Rm4dl4"
spam	"Venmo: Open enrollment ends soon. Use code 291189 to verify now."
spam	"Venmo: Unlock your account. Use code 950105 to view document."
spam	"Venmo: Unusual login detected. Use code 228676 to open portal."
spam	"Venmo: VPN access change. Reinstate access: https://jnryifcnjq.info/drive?session=wHPaXqysibC1I4YR&utm=Nwqqj4"
spam	"Verizon: Account upgrade. Download file: https://verizon-login-update.io/mfa"
spam	"Verizon: Customs duty required. Fix immediately: http://verizon-auth.biz/login?id=JwjdwI6I1fWXoEme&ref=9a2gL6"
spam	"Verizon: Storage is almost full. Complete training: https://t.co/187RxoBjd"
spam	"Verizon: Tax form available. Listen now: http://verizonhelp.xyz/login"
spam	"Verizon: Timesheet rejection. Listen now: http://verizon-auth.org/track?id=rqesFNdmGTvRzRb8&ref=9u6L79"
spam	"Verizon: Unlock your account. Update payment: https://verizonhelp.info/teams"
spam	"Verizon: Vacation request approved. Track package: https://verizon-auth.co/docusign?session=xLyQeLf5mgV4g8Qr&utm=J6JBaw"
spam	"Verizon: Voicemail waiting. Get refund: https://bxbuzxcskj.us/redeem?session=VfeRsCOmgKS9m1LM&utm=ZfdBJK"
spam	"Walmart: Limited-time deal. Continue to site: http://240.167.216.101/portal"
spam	"Walmart: Missed call. Get refund: https://tinyurl.com/PCeB1EYFKcD"
spam	"Walmart: Missed delivery. Update payment: http://walmart-auth.co/slack"
spam	"Walmart: Server migration. Use code 793610 to unlock now."
spam	"Walmart: Storage is almost full. Get refund: https://is.gd/wxIxt9TQ"
spam	"Walmart: Tax form available. Download file: https://udgoerancp.info/secure"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Customs duty required. Verify now: http://169.166.186.49/portal"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Prize winner. Use code 827910 to track package."
spam	"Xfinity: Crypto airdrop. Use code 545625 to continue to site."
spam	"Xfinity: DMCA notice. View document: http://144.62.41.217/zoom"
spam	"Xfinity: Limited-time deal. Approve sign-in: http://234.212.199.69/download"
spam	"Xfinity: Missed delivery. Approve sign-in: https://xfinity-secure.info/github"
spam	"Xfinity: Security alert. Use code 723822 to track package."
spam	"Xfinity: Social media violation. Enable protection: https://xfinity-login-update.online/okta?session=mhIPdR3xTtaghpCL&utm=ux4LiM"
spam	"Xfinity: Subscription expired. Fix immediately: http://176.173.125.221/sharepoint"
spam	"Xfinity: Subscription expired. Use code 089768 to view invoice."
spam	"Xfinity: Vacation request approved. View document: https://buff.ly/mODy9iCp"
spam	"Xfinity: Voicemail transcription. Get refund: https://ow.ly/41MOkE9gmI"
spam	"Your Okta push was denied. If this wasn’t you, approve the next prompt to secure your account."
spam	"Your package is on hold due to customs. Pay duty: http://120.74.128.254/carrier/pay?ref=HsYvKc29ev"
spam	"Zelle: Exclusive offer. Reinstate access: http://101.92.23.30/verify"
spam	"Zelle: Invoice is overdue. Acknowledge notice: https://bylgoztkcup.biz/signin"
spam	"Zelle: KYC verification needed. Proceed to payment: http://81.19.72.222/track"
spam	"Zelle: Legal action pending. Enable protection: http://bgryywm.co/verify"
spam	"Zelle: Missed call. Fix immediately: https://ow.ly/aRSZUqIOj"
spam	"Zelle: Refund available. Confirm details: https://t.co/4L3mLjA"
spam	"Zelle: Storage is almost full. Use code 400304 to complete training."
spam	"Zelle: VPN access change. Proceed to payment: http://zellehelp.net/zoom"
spam	"Zelle: VPN access change. Reinstate access: http://zelle-verify.net/reset?id=FPkYZGdxmdBVnoaJ&ref=fgrkXR"
spam	"Zoom: Account upgrade. Unlock now: http://174.77.188.208/update"
spam	"Zoom: DMCA notice. Secure account: https://bzhyvffhrlnt.online/portal?session=bXWYKYVbjXhA4dRH&utm=bcIeT2"
spam	"Zoom: Device sign-in attempt. Use code 345551 to complete training."
spam	"Zoom: Meeting canceled. Reschedule at: https://zoom-auth.io/book/cNA29E52UCwH"
spam	"Zoom: Open enrollment ends soon. Use code 984807 to reinstate access."
spam	"Zoom: Password reset requested. Claim reward: https://zoomaccount.io/track?session=q6B7z5EeZIKF6KW3&utm=UcGHvR"
spam	"Zoom: Social media violation. Complete training: https://zoom-auth.us/login?session=XOestEwSP3iHaorl&utm=sprNib"
spam	"Zoom: Voicemail waiting. Resolve issue: http://zoomsupport.net/track?id=AVMgZSyfccbdQ3po&ref=TGEoJW"
spam	"Zoom: Your account has been suspended. Unlock now: http://cachjp.info/slack"
spam	"eBay: Action required. View invoice: https://igxksktkeqql.org/login"
spam	"eBay: Missed call. Use code 499900 to claim reward."
spam	"eBay: Password expires today. Use code 388562 to track package."
spam	"eBay: Your account has been suspended. Complete training: https://tinyurl.com/upzWkLPo9"
spam	"Congratulations! You've won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Click here to claim: http://bit.ly/win-now"
spam	"Your account has been suspended. Please verify immediately at https://secure-login-update.com"
spam	"URGENT: Invoice #98231 is overdue. Please pay now at http://payments-portal.biz"
spam	"Hi, I’m contacting you about a business proposal that could earn you $10,000 weekly. Email me back for details."
spam	"We tried to deliver your package but couldn’t reach you. Track your parcel: http://parcel-track24.com"
spam	"Your Netflix subscription has expired. Update payment info now: https://netflixbilling-update.net"
spam	"You have (1) new voicemail from your bank. Listen now: http://securebankmsg.net"
spam	"Claim your tax refund before it expires! Submit your details here: https://irs-gov-refund.info"
spam	"Your computer is infected with 5 viruses! Scan immediately: http://pc-cleaner-fast.com"
spam	"Amazon customer reward! You’ve been selected for a free iPhone 15. Claim here: http://amazon-prize.us"
spam	"Hey, long time no see! Check out my new pics ;) http://secrethosting.fun"
spam	"Get approved for a $10,000 loan instantly — no credit check required! Apply at http://fastloan247.biz"
spam	"URGENT: Your PayPal account was accessed from a new device. Confirm identity: https://paypal-login-secure.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for an exclusive crypto investment opportunity. Join now: http://cryptogainx.io"
spam	"Limited-time deal! 80% off luxury watches. Visit http://bestwatch-deals.com"
spam	"We noticed unusual login activity. Secure your account at http://microsoftsecure-auth.co"
spam	"Your friend shared a funny video with you! Watch here: http://funnyvidzlink.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day working from home. Sign up free: http://makemoneyonline247.biz"
spam	"Important notice: Your car warranty is expiring soon. Renew at http://autowarrantyupdate.com"
spam	"Confirm your Apple ID within 24 hours or it will be locked: https://appleid-supportcenter.com"
spam	"ADP: Activate service now. Get refund: http://kalhqmk.biz/reward?id=rsrBTWkXcr20ltvU&ref=FO4LDl"
spam	"ADP: Activate service now. Reinstate access: https://tinyurl.com/s7ye3NUWe"
spam	"ADP: Benefit update needed. Use code 024987 to acknowledge notice. - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"ADP: Chargeback notice. Review activity: http://wknqke.biz/zoom?id=vgBIOixBPohssQ88&ref=SY4YQK (See Document_7341.pdf)"
spam	"ADP: Chargeback notice. Use code 497347 to start verification."
spam	"ADP: Check bounced. Get refund: http://adphelp.us/docs?id=he78eJW9bfFDH4WG&ref=uRtgax"
spam	"ADP: Confirm payment. Deny if not you: https://secure-adp.site/track?session=oOlj3NPdohPclRG3&utm=CLucJT"
spam	"ADP: Confirm payment. Fix immediately: http://adpsupport.xyz/auth?id=MVtT5I2Aa6yueksq&ref=9Dvv2Q"
spam	"ADP: Copyright claim. Listen now: https://bit.ly/XlwtqrbIANM"
spam	"ADP: Crypto airdrop. Resolve issue: https://adp-login.com/subscription?token=KofOcIj4ykPPEDuA"
spam	"ADP: Crypto airdrop. Review activity: http://220.143.161.47/update"
spam	"ADP: DMCA notice. Use code 067240 to confirm details."
spam	"ADP: Device sign-in attempt. Claim reward: https://adpportal.me/drive?token=qpjVGcX42gMqRaNs"
spam	"ADP: Device sign-in attempt. Start verification: https://ow.ly/nq7N1ij"
spam	"ADP: Direct deposit update. Approve sign-in: https://short.ly/evMu0XfCe"
spam	"ADP: Direct deposit update. Reset password: http://adp-login.co/duo?id=MgwhQeyfpg1sTGXN&ref=CSe6VK"
spam	"ADP: Direct deposit update. Use code 992428 to listen now."
spam	"ADP: Dispute filed. Activate: https://is.gd/gY1Y90NBhB"
spam	"ADP: Document shared with you. Approve sign-in: https://adpaccount.org/appeal?session=OnmnNTsRw6RiTP9l&utm=GISOuT"
spam	"ADP: Document shared with you. View document: http://hfnysymggld.com/track?id=KEhzGHTBl9dEOxby&ref=t77r8B"
spam	"ADP: Exclusive offer. Accept: http://adpupdate.net/confirm?id=STSi0OZ55P8OGWCa&ref=X4qHuM"
spam	"ADP: MFA approval required. View document: https://adpaccount.xyz/support"
spam	"ADP: Mailbox quota exceeded. Enable protection: https://adp-billing.com/subscription?token=3IUd79PfJDZReA4y - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"ADP: Mailbox quota exceeded. Schedule: http://adpportal.us/approve"
spam	"ADP: Meeting recording available. Use code 296499 to view invoice."
spam	"ADP: Missed call. Start verification: https://adp-verify.co/portal/Co0NJ7KpPaf"
spam	"ADP: NFT whitelist access. Use code 349232 to acknowledge notice."
spam	"ADP: NFT whitelist access. View invoice: https://short.ly/2LfF2Np"
spam	"ADP: New device sign-in. Open attachment: http://172.215.82.43/appeal"
spam	"ADP: Open enrollment ends soon. Activate: http://21.231.129.169/update"
spam	"ADP: Password expires today. Accept: https://bit.ly/54dzQa1PYJpa"
spam	"ADP: Password expires today. Enable protection: http://149.114.45.96/subscription"
spam	"ADP: Payment failed. Confirm details: https://is.gd/sx2ESS"
spam	"ADP: Payroll issue. Deny if not you: https://short.ly/XovJ0PRh"
spam	"ADP: Prize winner. Complete training: https://adp-login.us/voicemail?token=jp7itnuLq5jLwClk"
spam	"ADP: Referral bonus available. Verify now: https://adpsupport.me/portal?token=Iy89pKMMoF2tXyaD"
spam	"ADP: Shareholder update. Call +1-396-856-2185 immediately to update payment. - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"ADP: Shareholder update. Open portal: http://adp74.com/login"
spam	"ADP: Shareholder update. Use code 151568 to reinstate access."
spam	"ADP: Shareholder update. Use code 234866 to accept."
spam	"ADP: Shareholder update. Verify now: https://adpupdate.us/okta?token=jr82rJ7BrXLeR0un"
spam	"ADP: Storage is almost full. Unlock now: https://adp-secure.info/invoice (See Document_4398.pdf)"
spam	"ADP: Subscription expired. View document: https://ow.ly/ZVrIGZ"
spam	"ADP: Subscription renewal failed. Claim reward: https://adpsupport.xyz/teams"
spam	"ADP: Subscription renewal failed. Review activity: https://tinyurl.com/Hmdgxm"
spam	"ADP: Tax form available. Continue to site: https://tinyurl.com/9gjiRQM0Hn"
spam	"ADP: Two-factor disabled. Listen now: https://zhimthueqtq.org/claim/oRy1uj4"
spam	"ADP: Unlock your account. Verify now: http://adp-secure.site/invoice?id=aPTZLrXjmOwRqFKf&ref=ndUkF3"
spam	"ADP: Unusual login detected. View invoice: http://190.99.189.145/claim"
spam	"ADP: VPN access change. View invoice: https://adp-login.xyz/billing/I6q2c0d (See Document_1002.pdf)"
spam	"ADP: Vacation request approved. Call +1-791-465-9511 immediately to confirm."
spam	"ADP: Vacation request approved. Reinstate access: https://bit.ly/6nIZHmmW"
spam	"ADP: Verify identity to receive funds. Call +1-259-312-2725 immediately to schedule."
spam	"ADP: Voicemail waiting. Get refund: http://ljccihdgkj.org/sharepoint"
spam	"ADP: Voicemail waiting. Resolve issue: http://adpsupport.co/billing (See Document_5408.pdf)"
spam	"ADP: Wire transfer on hold. Track package: https://tinyurl.com/K6vEgtZTzoM"
spam	"ADP: Your account has been suspended. View document: https://secure-adp.org/subscription/K6FqSg"
spam	"ADP: eFax received. Track package: https://adp.site/mfa/451q8Ql"
spam	"AT&T: Account upgrade. Get refund: http://atandthelp.com/teams?id=UE4g54uh8kMJ8TZo&ref=UFg0ke (See Document_0739.pdf)"
spam	"AT&T: Action required. Claim reward: https://atandthelp.me/download/Rhm6pi6 (See Document_3359.pdf)"
spam	"AT&T: Action required. Complete training: https://qtvpsa.org/support"
spam	"AT&T: Action required. Review activity: https://atandt.com/reset?session=zt6eqF93vAKYa4aO&utm=eHri6N"
spam	"AT&T: Compliance training overdue. Download receipt: https://oesdgxvsx.biz/onedrive"
spam	"AT&T: Confirm payment. Complete training: https://atandt-verify.xyz/mfa (See Document_8831.pdf)"
spam	"AT&T: Confirm payment. Schedule: http://61.197.200.74/reward (See Document_0397.pdf)"
spam	"AT&T: Confirm payment. Use code 845381 to fix immediately."
spam	"AT&T: DMCA notice. Confirm: https://gviyutdbzq.io/sharepoint?session=YKVCdSZH4K1LTI8v&utm=bghWM1"
spam	"AT&T: DMCA notice. Proceed to payment: https://buff.ly/jAPBmfx"
spam	"AT&T: Device sign-in attempt. View document: http://140.125.88.226/portal"
spam	"AT&T: Dispute filed. Enable protection: https://oullovxieco.biz/voicemail (See Document_5386.pdf)"
spam	"AT&T: Exclusive offer. Secure account: http://atandt30.online/portal - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"AT&T: Invoice is overdue. Reset password: http://58.21.148.231/subscription"
spam	"AT&T: KYC verification needed. Proceed to payment: http://253.214.8.46/billing"
spam	"AT&T: Legal action pending. Activate: http://atandthelp.info/teams?id=KvqEslabiIKVjotZ&ref=oQC3g9"
spam	"AT&T: Loan approval ready. Claim reward: https://atandt10.io/portal?session=j4fkG0GMQhAWLtcq&utm=KypVAv - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"AT&T: Mailbox quota exceeded. Download receipt: http://atandtportal.net/sharepoint"
spam	"AT&T: Meeting recording available. Reset password: http://atandt-secure.info/invoice?id=cZQANX744bpnegMc&ref=CMRT3d - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"AT&T: Meeting recording available. Start verification: http://atandt.info/billing?id=iA9dp8j5O7gsxdwD&ref=6y4P3B (See Document_1945.pdf)"
spam	"AT&T: Missed call. Open attachment: https://atandt-billing.io/redeem?session=X9T8MhQPkE7dyvMo&utm=rec6qd"
spam	"AT&T: Missed call. Open portal: http://atandt.net/docs?id=5v7pRBdqP6G8vYw2&ref=AF5pMx"
spam	"AT&T: Missed call. Update payment: http://atandt-billing.org/payment"
spam	"AT&T: Missed call. Use code 527360 to open portal."
spam	"AT&T: New device sign-in. Approve sign-in: https://atandt-secure.xyz/review/iN6tYpLGxiNI"
spam	"AT&T: New device sign-in. Download receipt: http://59.40.230.88/review - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"AT&T: New device sign-in. View invoice: http://78.119.231.14/download"
spam	"AT&T: Password expires today. Activate: http://atandtaccount.net/signin?id=MglshIVzkeQWaRrj&ref=CwlnTc"
spam	"AT&T: Password expires today. Download file: https://buff.ly/1ODNYdT"
spam	"AT&T: Payment failed. Fix immediately: https://atandtsupport.biz/authenticate?token=mJAyJMSFTdCn0UtP"
spam	"AT&T: Prize winner. Use code 330027 to get refund."
spam	"AT&T: Re-authenticate to continue. Authorize: https://goo.gl/hEAJk2"
spam	"AT&T: Referral bonus available. Call +1-892-371-0603 immediately to reset password."
spam	"AT&T: Referral bonus available. Resolve issue: https://is.gd/g7HJ7kJh"
spam	"AT&T: Security alert. Review activity: http://atandtsupport.org/signin?id=qFtE5ytIsRYuxMoM&ref=Bukg20"
spam	"AT&T: Server migration. Call +1-952-795-8607 immediately to proceed to payment."
spam	"AT&T: Server migration. Complete training: https://uzdjdbwzv.me/okta/Sr8PxNodI"
spam	"AT&T: Server migration. Download file: http://122.35.35.199/activate"
spam	"AT&T: Social media violation. Fix immediately: https://nejveeac.me/approve/BifiPZA3D5Y (See Document_8468.pdf)"
spam	"AT&T: Storage is almost full. Use code 099873 to accept."
spam	"AT&T: Storage policy change. Call +1-307-637-5121 immediately to review activity."
spam	"AT&T: Subscription renewal failed. View invoice: https://sxwnjm.io/docs"
spam	"AT&T: Tax form available. Call +1-872-757-3182 immediately to continue to site."
spam	"AT&T: Timesheet rejection. Open portal: https://goo.gl/xXTxTw87Uy0"
spam	"AT&T: Unusual login detected. Claim reward: https://atandt40.info/drive"
spam	"AT&T: VPN access change. View invoice: http://atandt.me/github"
spam	"AT&T: Verify identity to receive funds. Secure account: https://buff.ly/UJczmY"
spam	"AT&T: Voicemail transcription. Accept: http://atandt-verify.biz/duo?id=eWmfaU6RIsxFniKA&ref=i1X3ue"
spam	"AT&T: Voicemail transcription. Open attachment: http://qffnytz.com/activate"
spam	"AT&T: Voicemail transcription. Verify now: https://bit.ly/i71OQyYV09eh"
spam	"AT&T: eFax received. Claim reward: https://tinyurl.com/a1o14KM8J"
spam	"Airbnb: Account upgrade. Confirm: http://budtujcnww.me/reward?id=bicEyfu946y6gf37&ref=E1ywqB - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Airbnb: Account upgrade. Deny if not you: https://secure-airbnb.io/file?token=jUbKynyY22aDQ4to"
spam	"Airbnb: Action required. Use code 273234 to download receipt."
spam	"Airbnb: Activate service now. Continue to site: https://airbnbaccount.net/sharepoint"
spam	"Airbnb: Activate service now. Proceed to payment: https://short.ly/Hz4HLN7N - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Airbnb: Activate service now. Use code 172836 to review activity."
spam	"Airbnb: Chargeback notice. Use code 257021 to resolve issue."
spam	"Airbnb: Compliance training overdue. Activate: https://secure-airbnb.biz/sign/W9nck2"
spam	"Airbnb: Compliance training overdue. Complete training: http://229.189.102.147/portal"
spam	"Airbnb: Confirm beneficiary. Authorize: https://airbnb.org/authenticate?session=tKii1hSDdqP2JBWS&utm=WeI3zR - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Airbnb: Confirm your identity. Download receipt: http://qbtseqhzw.me/appeal?id=A6m6cXoIe2yLe6KW&ref=qIzEcD"
spam	"Airbnb: Confirm your identity. Use code 192152 to claim reward. - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Airbnb: DMCA notice. Use code 518571 to accept."
spam	"Airbnb: Device sign-in attempt. View document: http://qguucr.online/signin?id=qGT0zY10IgJjdXr6&ref=ei9WMV"
spam	"Airbnb: Dispute filed. Accept: https://airbnb-verify.me/portal"
spam	"Airbnb: Dispute filed. Enable protection: https://airbnbaccount.net/docusign?token=psfzRV0veJ7lEuwn"
spam	"Airbnb: Legal action pending. Call +1-331-465-6571 immediately to get refund."
spam	"Airbnb: Legal action pending. Call +1-523-430-4063 immediately to enable protection."
spam	"Airbnb: Legal action pending. Resolve issue: https://short.ly/o8ZEYXywL"
spam	"Airbnb: Loan approval ready. View document: http://airbnbsupport.online/signin"
spam	"Airbnb: MFA approval required. Accept: https://airbnbaccount.biz/message"
spam	"Airbnb: Meeting recording available. Acknowledge notice: http://airbnb19.online/update"
spam	"Airbnb: Meeting recording available. Call +1-090-036-6802 immediately to track package."
spam	"Airbnb: Meeting recording available. Fix immediately: https://airbnb12.us/payment?token=n3bY6ZkOEeQwfn38"
spam	"Airbnb: Meeting recording available. Fix immediately: https://secure-airbnb.site/activate?token=kbT0HDZkZaJACatq"
spam	"Airbnb: Missed call. Call +1-488-782-0282 immediately to listen now."
spam	"Airbnb: Missed call. Continue to site: https://airbnbportal.biz/auth/9H28St (See Document_8808.pdf)"
spam	"Airbnb: Missed call. View invoice: https://buff.ly/rMp2ha - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Airbnb: Missed delivery. Use code 704145 to reinstate access."
spam	"Airbnb: NFT whitelist access. Call +1-548-015-7164 immediately to confirm."
spam	"Airbnb: NFT whitelist access. Resolve issue: https://airbnbupdate.biz/access/JsU1J6"
spam	"Airbnb: New device sign-in. Complete training: http://airbnb77.io/activate"
spam	"Airbnb: Password expires today. Call +1-113-144-8042 immediately to deny if not you."
spam	"Airbnb: Password expires today. Complete training: https://tinyurl.com/JTsi3w"
spam	"Airbnb: Password reset requested. Use code 824021 to secure account."
spam	"Airbnb: Payroll issue. Call +1-008-590-4002 immediately to start verification."
spam	"Airbnb: Prize winner. Complete training: http://airbnb.us/redeem?id=7b0wnUdy6tKcGvGS&ref=VDKq5f"
spam	"Airbnb: Prize winner. Use code 831664 to enable protection."
spam	"Airbnb: Refund available. Approve sign-in: http://ftoiawurkzs.us/duo"
spam	"Airbnb: Refund available. Deny if not you: http://airbnb-login.us/signin?id=Rxzh5EaxRZ1ORUA2&ref=qa0Xz3"
spam	"Airbnb: Refund available. Download receipt: http://232.39.189.252/docs"
spam	"Airbnb: Refund available. Fix immediately: http://106.14.42.206/activate"
spam	"Airbnb: Refund available. Use code 924398 to get refund."
spam	"Airbnb: Server migration. Use code 063346 to secure account."
spam	"Airbnb: Shareholder update. Unlock now: https://ow.ly/J5nSOndF"
spam	"Airbnb: Social media violation. Deny if not you: https://airbnbsupport.xyz/login/vc5uBpx21To"
spam	"Airbnb: Subscription expired. Download file: https://airbnbaccount.com/review/HLeavPxE"
spam	"Airbnb: Tax form available. Update payment: https://airbnbsupport.us/signin"
spam	"Airbnb: Two-factor disabled. Open attachment: https://ow.ly/5Sh7sa5"
spam	"Airbnb: Two-factor disabled. Start verification: https://tinyurl.com/RUzJUr2At"
spam	"Airbnb: Unlock your account. Confirm: https://t.co/cUeRzi9nr9h"
spam	"Airbnb: VPN access change. Update payment: http://airbnbportal.xyz/sign?id=Z5kUCcAxRUpCNsWV&ref=YCoIpt (See Document_7359.pdf)"
spam	"Airbnb: Vacation request approved. Use code 343986 to unlock now."
spam	"Airbnb: Verify identity to receive funds. Open portal: https://airbnb-login.net/support?token=KD2uH5NAgA35NWeX"
spam	"Airbnb: Verify identity to receive funds. Update payment: https://ecuvzeel.us/portal/Zj1N8jU6c"
spam	"Airbnb: Voicemail transcription. Complete training: https://vakqhzatom.site/payment?session=J0Iv4Np3DDxpnwMQ&utm=SqOcK8"
spam	"Airbnb: Wire transfer on hold. Call +1-480-730-4637 immediately to view document."
spam	"Airbnb: Wire transfer on hold. Call +1-738-681-6522 immediately to activate."
spam	"Airbnb: Your account has been suspended. Call +1-758-444-2153 immediately to download file."
spam	"Airbnb: Your account has been suspended. Listen now: https://airbnbaccount.co/reset?session=EtN9Mfto8IpN9CRu&utm=0av4oa"
spam	"Airbnb: Your account has been suspended. Schedule: http://178.15.10.248/docusign"
spam	"Airbnb: Your photo here. Use code 590411 to enable protection."
spam	"Amazon: Action required. Download file: https://amaz0n.com/zoom?session=Jip7SBoToK6H6fKG&utm=ZcxP9t (See Document_2488.pdf)"
spam	"Amazon: Action required. Proceed to payment: https://amazonhelp.co/appeal?token=g2BCFQ0Z80iTS7bT"
spam	"Amazon: Activate service now. View invoice: http://amaz0n.io/access"
spam	"Amazon: Benefit update needed. Fix immediately: https://is.gd/NNo5O3zS2"
spam	"Amazon: Benefit update needed. Use code 745999 to authorize."
spam	"Amazon: Check bounced. Use code 144301 to reinstate access."
spam	"Amazon: Check bounced. View document: http://secure-amazon.site/zoom"
spam	"Amazon: Compliance training overdue. Call +1-866-988-2643 immediately to continue to site."
spam	"Amazon: Compliance training overdue. Secure account: https://amazon-billing.us/mfa?token=O3HgnGRZ5jWoSSg3 (See Document_7647.pdf)"
spam	"Amazon: Confirm beneficiary. Schedule: http://amazonportal.biz/confirm"
spam	"Amazon: Confirm payment. Use code 547595 to listen now."
spam	"Amazon: Confirm your identity. Deny if not you: https://amazonportal.xyz/sharepoint?session=fzzNHbPvlDFiGb9v&utm=kaKtGY"
spam	"Amazon: Copyright claim. Unlock now: https://short.ly/LVz1uffJgR"
spam	"Amazon: Court notice. Call +1-051-449-8427 immediately to download receipt."
spam	"Amazon: Court notice. Complete training: http://amazon-billing.org/verify?id=JBM0tG0tzRDsDUOW&ref=wkVNgr"
spam	"Amazon: Customs duty required. Track package: http://211.41.211.31/invoice (See Document_1198.pdf)"
spam	"Amazon: Customs duty required. View document: http://secure-amazon.com/track"
spam	"Amazon: Direct deposit update. Enable protection: https://xajzdwvpkn.site/claim"
spam	"Amazon: Exclusive offer. Open attachment: https://ow.ly/Clt2WAV0"
spam	"Amazon: Exclusive offer. Unlock now: https://tinyurl.com/ULYaE9y"
spam	"Amazon: Exclusive offer. Use code 616413 to complete training."
spam	"Amazon: Invoice is overdue. Confirm: https://buff.ly/gyXrC8Pam"
spam	"Amazon: Invoice is overdue. Schedule: http://67.125.166.194/login"
spam	"Amazon: Invoice is overdue. Verify now: http://38.135.229.177/teams (See Document_1619.pdf)"
spam	"Amazon: Legal action pending. Approve sign-in: https://amazon71.xyz/activate?session=nn7ogpKm4yVc6ZwS&utm=EjUWdR"
spam	"Amazon: Limited-time deal. Acknowledge notice: https://short.ly/BGCkzqhMVqhL"
spam	"Amazon: Limited-time deal. Activate: https://amazonportal.info/quickbooks?token=ExMW5KExTmVNk0KR"
spam	"Amazon: Limited-time deal. Enable protection: http://amazon-verify.net/zoom"
spam	"Amazon: Limited-time deal. Use code 418116 to resolve issue."
spam	"Amazon: Limited-time deal. Verify now: https://amazon-verify.io/support?session=aoKy4P1ypojzAjbx&utm=jxyji8 (See Document_9651.pdf)"
spam	"Amazon: Loan approval ready. Open attachment: https://amazon-verify.org/voicemail?token=7uUoEZZYGdgGK3gw"
spam	"Amazon: Loan approval ready. Track package: http://xjsryyyiokg.xyz/download?id=w2h7U8859P6WYJwf&ref=3dwLkE (See Document_9122.pdf)"
spam	"Amazon: MFA approval required. Start verification: http://iixpyhm.io/slack (See Document_9704.pdf)"
spam	"Amazon: MFA approval required. View invoice: https://bit.ly/EKQgF187Lgn"
spam	"Amazon: Meeting recording available. Deny if not you: http://amazon-billing.net/portal?id=642OyTpgFQZrqpJR&ref=BcE3nc"
spam	"Amazon: Meeting recording available. Update payment: https://amazon46.info/activate?session=pF6DHI4NkeqhIhcd&utm=DkZMbG"
spam	"Amazon: Missed call. Acknowledge notice: https://bit.ly/1TuuHQNVOpVw"
spam	"Amazon: Missed call. Get refund: https://goo.gl/Wy76i99WWua"
spam	"Amazon: Missed delivery. Claim reward: http://213.84.234.58/github"
spam	"Amazon: Missed delivery. Unlock now: https://amazonaccount.co/docs?token=J1lQbujF51da6QcI"
spam	"Amazon: Missed delivery. Unlock now: https://ow.ly/uect11K"
spam	"Amazon: NFT whitelist access. Authorize: https://bit.ly/PCfw7lp5IzC"
spam	"Amazon: NFT whitelist access. Use code 133780 to resolve issue."
spam	"Amazon: New device sign-in. Use code 675677 to claim reward."
spam	"Amazon: Package delivery failed. Proceed to payment: http://dbospvodibax.me/authenticate"
spam	"Amazon: Package delivery failed. Use code 496660 to open attachment."
spam	"Amazon: Password reset requested. Update payment: http://amazon-login.io/redeem?id=9FSFXAwaj3UMWs7W&ref=kwdWfj (See Document_2915.pdf)"
spam	"Amazon: Password reset requested. View invoice: https://amazon-billing.biz/update?token=8llyMwBZ8lVaNrG1 - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Amazon: Payment failed. Download receipt: http://amazonportal.info/subscription"
spam	"Amazon: Re-authenticate to continue. Continue to site: http://amazon68.online/login?id=XRpdR1vBMVaBEssF&ref=fWBpNj"
spam	"Amazon: Referral bonus available. Listen now: https://secure-amazon.net/invoice?session=57zBZol9GOPirApb&utm=1YBhVA"
spam	"Amazon: Referral bonus available. Review activity: http://222.55.236.83/verify"
spam	"Amazon: Referral bonus available. Use code 787352 to download file."
spam	"Amazon: Referral bonus available. Use code 992164 to reinstate access."
spam	"Amazon: Refund available. Confirm details: https://is.gd/BtlhOtLi3ITG"
spam	"Amazon: Security alert. Download file: http://secure-amazon.online/signin?id=GsgItP6o2yTcyWtm&ref=JcMm0i"
spam	"Amazon: Server migration. Accept: http://249.206.254.180/support (See Document_1228.pdf)"
spam	"Amazon: Server migration. Secure account: https://amaz0n.co/secure?session=hdKKJRzTAPUV8qCK&utm=MQQa90"
spam	"Amazon: Shareholder update. Confirm: http://110.71.126.81/reward"
spam	"Amazon: Social media violation. Deny if not you: http://amazon52.me/docs"
spam	"Amazon: Social media violation. Download file: https://amazon-login.com/login?token=hMl0tQr3h90JNkpr (See Document_1551.pdf)"
spam	"Amazon: Social media violation. Listen now: https://amazonaccount.biz/login"
spam	"Amazon: Tax form available. Download file: https://bit.ly/FpIV2dHX5PH4"
spam	"Amazon: Tax form available. Reset password: https://madywhmy.io/quickbooks?session=kOUcV7JHhqEOtmx4&utm=d3Qnhp"
spam	"Amazon: Tax form available. Track package: https://amaz0n.site/login?token=6lH6g0Kbz57imoHQ"
spam	"Amazon: Tax refund pending. Verify now: https://amazonupdate.biz/appeal?token=aQ3NciUZiN6M7VSd"
spam	"Amazon: Timesheet rejection. Get refund: https://secure-amazon.biz/auth/Tj2zmNtBM - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Amazon: Two-factor disabled. Acknowledge notice: https://t.co/SimteGBIBV - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Amazon: Two-factor disabled. Proceed to payment: https://buff.ly/r1F2SRg3"
spam	"Amazon: Unlock your account. Complete training: https://pcsxtfce.online/verify"
spam	"Amazon: Unlock your account. Track package: https://is.gd/1TvORupH"
spam	"Amazon: VPN access change. Start verification: http://amazon46.info/verify"
spam	"Amazon: VPN access change. Use code 784986 to view document."
spam	"Amazon: Vacation request approved. Acknowledge notice: http://amazon-verify.org/claim?id=faJuC0YJ0Gdatw6L&ref=GVGLmr"
spam	"Amazon: Vacation request approved. Call +1-032-724-8755 immediately to view invoice."
spam	"Amazon: Voicemail waiting. Fix immediately: https://short.ly/y3m7k3z"
spam	"Amazon: Wire transfer on hold. Open portal: http://amazon-secure.me/okta?id=mu5qzhPsCbCM9PQG&ref=Xznlhc"
spam	"Amazon: Wire transfer on hold. Verify now: https://bit.ly/8EFJkZj"
spam	"Amazon: Your account has been suspended. Authorize: http://194.223.166.160/teams"
spam	"Amazon: Your account has been suspended. Listen now: http://amazonupdate.net/verify"
spam	"Amazon: Your photo here. Activate: https://secure-amazon.xyz/track?session=djve4jirQ1kcLNU1&utm=nkcjUg"
spam	"Amazon: Your photo here. Use code 637691 to fix immediately."
spam	"American Airlines: Account upgrade. Acknowledge notice: https://bwwvxnvzmd.com/review"
spam	"American Airlines: Account upgrade. Claim reward: https://americanairlinesportal.online/reward/RC2Keb (See Document_6295.pdf)"
spam	"American Airlines: Account upgrade. Schedule: http://americanairlines-secure.xyz/zoom"
spam	"American Airlines: Benefit update needed. Acknowledge notice: https://americanairlinesaccount.io/quickbooks?token=jNfG0X2QVDy5QJpU"
spam	"American Airlines: Chargeback notice. Reinstate access: https://americanairlineshelp.org/invoice"
spam	"American Airlines: Check bounced. View document: http://secure-americanairlines.co/onedrive"
spam	"American Airlines: Check bounced. View invoice: http://americanairlines12.online/sign?id=DwNusxdZHLh4CWFB&ref=WGcQXJ"
spam	"American Airlines: Copyright claim. View document: http://secure-americanairlines.xyz/verify"
spam	"American Airlines: Customs duty required. Confirm: https://americanairlinesportal.me/quickbooks?token=uT5afF5kCkDPMCp7"
spam	"American Airlines: Customs duty required. Review activity: https://tinyurl.com/nOnqQfkplJek - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"American Airlines: DMCA notice. Acknowledge notice: https://americanairlines90.xyz/login"
spam	"American Airlines: DMCA notice. Use code 842775 to schedule."
spam	"American Airlines: DMCA notice. Verify now: http://secure-americanairlines.net/duo"
spam	"American Airlines: Device sign-in attempt. Open attachment: http://americanairlines-billing.net/message"
spam	"American Airlines: KYC verification needed. Open portal: https://americanairlinesupdate.org/download/sPMo7E9nWvOP"
spam	"American Airlines: Legal action pending. Reset password: https://tinyurl.com/LDt077 (See Document_1066.pdf)"
spam	"American Airlines: Limited-time deal. Reset password: https://americanairlinesupdate.online/activate/al17ZooRP"
spam	"American Airlines: Mailbox quota exceeded. Confirm: http://185.199.133.21/slack"
spam	"American Airlines: Mailbox quota exceeded. Fix immediately: https://t.co/LUgd4jSOX0N (See Document_1095.pdf)"
spam	"American Airlines: Mailbox quota exceeded. View document: https://americanairlinesportal.io/teams?session=DAVagGc9HBTCR1uV&utm=iiAitM"
spam	"American Airlines: Meeting recording available. Enable protection: https://uubxyasqmor.com/duo/cmsXNal"
spam	"American Airlines: Missed call. Reset password: http://179.111.223.74/redeem"
spam	"American Airlines: Open enrollment ends soon. Acknowledge notice: http://americanairlines83.us/confirm"
spam	"American Airlines: Open enrollment ends soon. Reinstate access: https://americanairlines-billing.co/message?token=voyK1pFJP8RvqW0F"
spam	"American Airlines: Package delivery failed. Listen now: https://iwvewgvgsj.info/download?session=vuankOw1aeFnyuqi&utm=5zlsgD"
spam	"American Airlines: Password reset requested. Call +1-736-180-2429 immediately to download file."
spam	"American Airlines: Password reset requested. Download receipt: https://short.ly/hYIQ8m8jfS"
spam	"American Airlines: Password reset requested. Use code 886725 to proceed to payment. - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"American Airlines: Payment failed. Use code 366497 to download receipt."
spam	"American Airlines: Prize winner. Open attachment: https://wgwbppfbovq.com/confirm/DVoKIcLXN5W"
spam	"American Airlines: Prize winner. Use code 649066 to secure account."
spam	"American Airlines: Re-authenticate to continue. Listen now: https://ow.ly/149XBgyPq"
spam	"American Airlines: Re-authenticate to continue. Use code 636297 to approve sign-in."
spam	"American Airlines: Refund available. Confirm: https://americanairlinesportal.biz/authenticate?token=sMcayYB4Qz8My711"
spam	"American Airlines: Security alert. Review activity: https://americanairlinessupport.org/redeem/X9QsXaJqmV"
spam	"American Airlines: Security alert. Track package: https://americanairlines-secure.biz/download"
spam	"American Airlines: Security alert. Verify now: https://rb.gy/g7rH2bc"
spam	"American Airlines: Server migration. Accept: https://buff.ly/4Qi8QOF"
spam	"American Airlines: Server migration. Approve sign-in: https://short.ly/cca5X7LaUg"
spam	"American Airlines: Server migration. Call +1-093-951-5927 immediately to secure account."
spam	"American Airlines: Server migration. Confirm details: https://bit.ly/nneRvthoKZm"
spam	"American Airlines: Server migration. Update payment: http://secure-americanairlines.net/approve?id=58xAQAdnuBSl4mRJ&ref=bjvXux"
spam	"American Airlines: Shareholder update. Start verification: https://americanairlinesportal.biz/payment"
spam	"American Airlines: Tax refund pending. Approve sign-in: https://americanairlinessupport.biz/activate?token=1feQ17iG0JFptUDe"
spam	"American Airlines: Timesheet rejection. Acknowledge notice: http://americanairlinessupport.xyz/signin?id=5jNeP7DlyuXgPPpU&ref=qjctOv"
spam	"American Airlines: Timesheet rejection. Activate: http://americanair1ines.co/teams"
spam	"American Airlines: Unusual login detected. Use code 426471 to approve sign-in."
spam	"American Airlines: Unusual login detected. Verify now: https://is.gd/UiNQk10SM"
spam	"American Airlines: VPN access change. Acknowledge notice: http://46.253.216.36/billing"
spam	"American Airlines: VPN access change. Call +1-291-510-3186 immediately to approve sign-in."
spam	"American Airlines: Vacation request approved. Authorize: https://buff.ly/u5c2xvy"
spam	"American Airlines: Voicemail transcription. Accept: https://americanairlinesaccount.xyz/authenticate/RhHa4ZN4Cdfo"
spam	"American Airlines: Voicemail waiting. Complete training: http://americanairlines-login.xyz/quickbooks"
spam	"American Airlines: Wire transfer on hold. Unlock now: https://americanairlinesupdate.com/review?token=XjvuMbB9R6U1d6Bt"
spam	"American Airlines: Your account has been suspended. Deny if not you: https://americanair1ines.co/redeem/k8msIuAhHGQb"
spam	"American Airlines: eFax received. Reinstate access: http://americanairlines-login.biz/sharepoint"
spam	"Apple Card: Action required. Call +1-899-518-2432 immediately to view invoice."
spam	"Apple Card: Activate service now. Schedule: https://applecard87.io/download"
spam	"Apple Card: Benefit update needed. Activate: https://reiznglrvl.online/quickbooks?token=0EyIahFIi80MOkBG"
spam	"Apple Card: Benefit update needed. Call +1-447-161-9827 immediately to confirm."
spam	"Apple Card: Benefit update needed. Download receipt: http://bblijayeoo.us/auth"
spam	"Apple Card: Benefit update needed. Update payment: https://applecard-billing.site/quickbooks?token=dQCoBnAhOqaDkuj7"
spam	"Apple Card: Check bounced. Use code 281089 to review activity."
spam	"Apple Card: Check bounced. View invoice: https://applecard56.co/redeem/A5VGgGZX"
spam	"Apple Card: Compliance training overdue. Complete training: https://applecard53.online/docs?session=zTHWRcULH8OXDVY4&utm=M9s9SY"
spam	"Apple Card: Compliance training overdue. Enable protection: https://applecardsupport.org/github/53fiFVKgZx2y"
spam	"Apple Card: Confirm your identity. Open portal: https://applecardaccount.us/file/y69lZb"
spam	"Apple Card: Copyright claim. Download receipt: https://wqubmpmernx.me/github?token=K6Qr40VxwfwXB5HJ (See Document_1757.pdf)"
spam	"Apple Card: Court notice. Fix immediately: http://safltvmyr.net/access?id=SchTobRl7JES4G5o&ref=6mkPdZ"
spam	"Apple Card: Crypto airdrop. Approve sign-in: http://239.231.202.34/portal"
spam	"Apple Card: Customs duty required. Proceed to payment: https://applecard93.me/access/AxAUcbYk3Vl"
spam	"Apple Card: DMCA notice. Deny if not you: http://124.191.181.99/docusign"
spam	"Apple Card: DMCA notice. Resolve issue: https://buff.ly/gviSUZ"
spam	"Apple Card: DMCA notice. Secure account: https://goo.gl/hdXYFajp3E"
spam	"Apple Card: Device sign-in attempt. Authorize: https://zvqbpcb.com/zoom?session=NEMpQ3WYYOoWYNXm&utm=pGmUmH"
spam	"Apple Card: Direct deposit update. Use code 654526 to update payment."
spam	"Apple Card: Dispute filed. Update payment: http://209.229.135.247/sign"
spam	"Apple Card: Exclusive offer. Deny if not you: http://agulocxhjvug.online/message - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Apple Card: Exclusive offer. Download receipt: http://cczaabpwpr.biz/update"
spam	"Apple Card: Exclusive offer. Enable protection: https://goo.gl/YtpBbn - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Apple Card: KYC verification needed. Deny if not you: http://sajsvm.us/invoice?id=YKYcwIBQxeGPva2A&ref=0FgB9x"
spam	"Apple Card: KYC verification needed. Schedule: https://applecardhelp.org/claim?token=eHrCUjyzGdz8nV4M"
spam	"Apple Card: Limited-time deal. Activate: https://t.co/KiVt5V9L4"
spam	"Apple Card: MFA approval required. Get refund: https://goo.gl/zCWzdpPXdr - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Apple Card: Mailbox quota exceeded. Schedule: https://applecardupdate.io/duo/b8fiB4S"
spam	"Apple Card: Meeting recording available. Open portal: https://secure-applecard.us/drive"
spam	"Apple Card: Missed call. Listen now: http://194.15.208.58/github"
spam	"Apple Card: Missed delivery. Unlock now: https://izuvsfywsp.com/github"
spam	"Apple Card: NFT whitelist access. Update payment: https://applecard89.me/onedrive/32RpExNYas"
spam	"Apple Card: New device sign-in. Acknowledge notice: http://127.21.186.13/slack (See Document_5420.pdf)"
spam	"Apple Card: New device sign-in. Start verification: https://applecard-secure.xyz/subscription/EIaS7F8W"
spam	"Apple Card: New device sign-in. Use code 913110 to complete training."
spam	"Apple Card: Open enrollment ends soon. View invoice: http://180.216.179.10/teams"
spam	"Apple Card: Password reset requested. Download receipt: https://applecardhelp.us/appeal/90fdH0tZw8E"
spam	"Apple Card: Prize winner. Open attachment: http://oqytyznz.biz/drive?id=GH8IjmVWF0OjutsV&ref=liOumu"
spam	"Apple Card: Prize winner. Open attachment: https://tinyurl.com/AiDGvzXO"
spam	"Apple Card: Re-authenticate to continue. Continue to site: http://hezbcqn.online/claim?id=cDHCiPf8eoPYXJtF&ref=O1dtdl"
spam	"Apple Card: Re-authenticate to continue. Start verification: https://applecard-login.biz/access/dZbRFgvE"
spam	"Apple Card: Referral bonus available. Use code 395166 to schedule."
spam	"Apple Card: Server migration. Reset password: http://applecard-secure.us/activate"
spam	"Apple Card: Storage policy change. View invoice: https://applecard38.info/download?session=Eq8OphX7bzRoKEcI&utm=gGuaB2 - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Apple Card: Tax refund pending. Confirm: https://kcznglppea.xyz/approve/5GIpAfBtxQz"
spam	"Apple Card: Tax refund pending. Continue to site: https://dtuqxaavopql.net/track?session=drKTybMjsrRaZhei&utm=GTP6i9"
spam	"Apple Card: Tax refund pending. Secure account: http://applecardupdate.online/confirm - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Apple Card: Timesheet rejection. Schedule: https://tinyurl.com/otnojrMX"
spam	"Apple Card: Two-factor disabled. Use code 905370 to view document."
spam	"Apple Card: Unlock your account. Confirm: https://t.co/iq6x7eG"
spam	"Apple Card: Unlock your account. Proceed to payment: https://applecardaccount.org/portal?token=ea2zbRBvvILRHGUT"
spam	"Apple Card: Unlock your account. Review activity: http://secure-applecard.biz/approve"
spam	"Apple Card: Unlock your account. Update payment: https://applecardupdate.biz/drive?session=cywTTZOs73w0jVvK&utm=m71xDb"
spam	"Apple Card: VPN access change. Download file: https://applecard-login.info/payment/TQo2exb4z"
spam	"Apple Card: Voicemail transcription. Listen now: https://is.gd/j00CbNc7I4 (See Document_7867.pdf)"
spam	"Apple Card: Voicemail waiting. Enable protection: https://applecardsupport.co/billing?session=an256kRgfMkayhoW&utm=Bp0GQu"
spam	"Apple Card: Voicemail waiting. Review activity: https://applecardupdate.biz/auth"
spam	"Apple Card: Your account has been suspended. Confirm details: https://applecardhelp.xyz/auth?token=YOUeGbOQFJx86GYW"
spam	"Apple Card: Your account has been suspended. Track package: https://tinyurl.com/Rwi5P4ZJ"
spam	"Apple Card: Your photo here. Confirm details: https://secure-applecard.co/slack?token=K7gL4wWFw0KY3thQ - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Apple ID disabled due to policy violation. Appeal: http://apple-verify.biz/appeal?case=3gyrDO1xkxwn"
spam	"Apple: Account upgrade. Enable protection: https://is.gd/OLc53FDma05w"
spam	"Apple: Account upgrade. Use code 271981 to claim reward."
spam	"Apple: Account upgrade. Use code 316704 to proceed to payment."
spam	"Apple: Action required. Activate: https://apple-secure.biz/appeal/EHeDujq1P"
spam	"Apple: Action required. Secure account: https://apple58.us/download (See Document_3097.pdf)"
spam	"Apple: Action required. Start verification: https://app1e.info/portal"
spam	"Apple: Benefit update needed. Claim reward: https://appleupdate.biz/support/7eUasPyI - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Apple: Chargeback notice. Activate: https://apple14.biz/mfa"
spam	"Apple: Check bounced. Use code 231660 to listen now."
spam	"Apple: Confirm payment. Deny if not you: https://short.ly/ABXr9K"
spam	"Apple: Confirm payment. Use code 348750 to proceed to payment."
spam	"Apple: Confirm your identity. Update payment: http://flxkelonc.co/activate?id=qId1HAeGBRWQSOHV&ref=9mWa0q"
spam	"Apple: Court notice. Authorize: https://ow.ly/CgA5DwZ"
spam	"Apple: DMCA notice. Call +1-398-311-2598 immediately to authorize."
spam	"Apple: DMCA notice. Listen now: https://rb.gy/gFu1ByURp"
spam	"Apple: Device sign-in attempt. View document: https://applehelp.site/billing/oMNl3Won (See Document_3953.pdf)"
spam	"Apple: Direct deposit update. Use code 164581 to download receipt."
spam	"Apple: Dispute filed. Schedule: https://apple-login.info/docusign?session=ju62ZAPf9Mz0l5pX&utm=iOzVIA"
spam	"Apple: Dispute filed. Use code 620197 to resolve issue."
spam	"Apple: Dispute filed. Use code 863231 to resolve issue."
spam	"Apple: Exclusive offer. Approve sign-in: http://8.59.135.9/quickbooks"
spam	"Apple: Exclusive offer. Reinstate access: https://t.co/UmuhVI - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Apple: Exclusive offer. Use code 222405 to deny if not you."
spam	"Apple: Invoice is overdue. Deny if not you: http://apple-login.biz/update?id=IF3TwXmDtg4lUAbb&ref=7k7BO3"
spam	"Apple: Invoice is overdue. Use code 678273 to get refund."
spam	"Apple: Legal action pending. Use code 302486 to download receipt."
spam	"Apple: Limited-time deal. Verify now: https://bkdxbdcyrc.online/subscription?session=1ec1hsNtffYZ8XBo&utm=1lJjVj"
spam	"Apple: Loan approval ready. Fix immediately: https://app1e.online/review/AGGVQ6nU"
spam	"Apple: MFA approval required. Use code 465484 to enable protection. - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Apple: Meeting recording available. Confirm details: https://is.gd/RRBiaNQVPIA - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Apple: Open enrollment ends soon. Review activity: https://appleportal.com/message?session=YMUt03wLAqmzPry6&utm=bDRWJL"
spam	"Apple: Package delivery failed. Schedule: http://104.138.95.124/access"
spam	"Apple: Payment failed. Use code 785221 to claim reward."
spam	"Apple: Prize winner. Accept: https://t.co/WMPEw7Cq"
spam	"Apple: Referral bonus available. Start verification: https://apple-verify.io/login?token=vrNl14huv0TyWltT"
spam	"Apple: Refund available. Get refund: http://fcnxftduajc.com/confirm?id=0D6U8oOVOP2XUcvn&ref=J6Ui3O - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Apple: Security alert. Resolve issue: https://buff.ly/tzKBnEg"
spam	"Apple: Security alert. Use code 243947 to review activity."
spam	"Apple: Server migration. Download file: https://appleupdate.org/invoice/Zta8r58"
spam	"Apple: Shareholder update. Proceed to payment: https://apple-billing.net/docusign"
spam	"Apple: Social media violation. Review activity: https://applesupport.com/sign?session=YV2PpCM7HFFQvkSP&utm=mNLNB1"
spam	"Apple: Social media violation. Schedule: http://apple-login.me/invoice?id=wLAL2IPpIStwQFlV&ref=RbT0Uj"
spam	"Apple: Social media violation. Unlock now: https://rfrffgwoky.me/file?session=zPlruN2GdOg3biDU&utm=eZrQeB (See Document_4751.pdf)"
spam	"Apple: Storage policy change. Enable protection: https://appleaccount.xyz/quickbooks?token=EDDX3dBfj5NGGMD9"
spam	"Apple: Subscription expired. View invoice: https://apple-login.xyz/sharepoint/p80XU72W92BR"
spam	"Apple: Tax form available. Call +1-165-389-7390 immediately to start verification."
spam	"Apple: Timesheet rejection. Open portal: https://tinyurl.com/W2Am6Sz"
spam	"Apple: Timesheet rejection. Proceed to payment: https://is.gd/P2by2dr"
spam	"Apple: Unusual login detected. Reinstate access: https://goo.gl/KbsQ35zh"
spam	"Apple: VPN access change. Authorize: https://applesupport.site/redeem?session=oSty0WFEAPN6A5SL&utm=2xEDHG"
spam	"Apple: VPN access change. Unlock now: http://apple-login.com/slack"
spam	"Apple: VPN access change. View document: http://appleportal.org/mfa - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Apple: VPN access change. View invoice: https://apple71.us/drive"
spam	"Apple: Verify identity to receive funds. Acknowledge notice: http://apple-login.me/mfa?id=iuQm4UFWIWRjk9xK&ref=AnwHDU"
spam	"Apple: Verify identity to receive funds. Resolve issue: http://appleaccount.co/voicemail"
spam	"Apple: Verify identity to receive funds. Schedule: http://28.230.187.87/login"
spam	"Apple: Your account has been suspended. Authorize: http://apple-verify.co/slack"
spam	"Apple: Your photo here. Activate: https://apple-login.org/support?token=EX224AkEcqTU1u5I"
spam	"Apple: Your photo here. Track package: https://bit.ly/SUmpu5A2P6n"
spam	"Apple: eFax received. Continue to site: https://apple-secure.com/okta"
spam	"Apple: eFax received. Use code 487439 to unlock now."
spam	"Bank of America: Account upgrade. Get refund: http://bankofamerica-verify.me/zoom?id=HXL8Kh9Bkdh1lLkT&ref=unc9xE"
spam	"Bank of America: Action required. Reinstate access: https://bankofamericaupdate.io/claim/rW037uf"
spam	"Bank of America: Benefit update needed. Reinstate access: https://ow.ly/ZOq7i5BfOX"
spam	"Bank of America: Benefit update needed. Use code 883763 to acknowledge notice."
spam	"Bank of America: Chargeback notice. Reinstate access: https://bankofamericaaccount.com/portal?token=N58bYpuV8wyrUeyC"
spam	"Bank of America: Check bounced. Download file: https://bankofamerica-login.xyz/support/4iidB8jWbsUC (See Document_5789.pdf)"
spam	"Bank of America: Check bounced. Use code 820812 to open attachment. - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Bank of America: Confirm beneficiary. Verify now: http://250.158.104.148/update"
spam	"Bank of America: Confirm payment. Confirm details: https://bankofamericahelp.io/subscription/zam8bJnT5M8r"
spam	"Bank of America: Confirm your identity. Use code 492815 to fix immediately."
spam	"Bank of America: Copyright claim. Download receipt: http://bankofamerica19.io/github"
spam	"Bank of America: Court notice. Complete training: http://bankofamericahelp.org/onedrive?id=3RkbtYmp1B6jigrN&ref=67ZVsc"
spam	"Bank of America: Court notice. Download receipt: http://bankofamericaupdate.co/update?id=HnxImk1Iz3TosZk6&ref=xvAnJU (See Document_3000.pdf)"
spam	"Bank of America: Court notice. Unlock now: https://bankofamericahelp.info/payment?session=80O2UXRDQGJP50FU&utm=jIXDG8"
spam	"Bank of America: Customs duty required. Activate: https://bankofamerica-secure.info/mfa/ZsYST0B"
spam	"Bank of America: Customs duty required. Continue to site: http://bankofamericaupdate.biz/review?id=994HGIwPRbfcxxYW&ref=JmMffg"
spam	"Bank of America: Device sign-in attempt. Get refund: https://bankofamericaportal.me/sign/BnTAV6f3o3Ku"
spam	"Bank of America: Direct deposit update. View document: https://goo.gl/tzqi96"
spam	"Bank of America: Dispute filed. Schedule: https://goo.gl/a0JPlx3"
spam	"Bank of America: Dispute filed. Start verification: https://buff.ly/FH9lgQoF - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Bank of America: Invoice is overdue. Confirm details: http://167.25.119.254/login"
spam	"Bank of America: Invoice is overdue. Continue to site: https://bankofamericaaccount.online/track?token=eKxmA9ILbavDEMub (See Document_9007.pdf)"
spam	"Bank of America: Invoice is overdue. Listen now: http://bankofamericahelp.us/message"
spam	"Bank of America: Invoice is overdue. Use code 593758 to review activity."
spam	"Bank of America: Legal action pending. Reset password: http://bankofamericaupdate.online/activate?id=hL1Gzk3AqavPRMiG&ref=kAvuVc"
spam	"Bank of America: Limited-time deal. Approve sign-in: https://secure-bankofamerica.co/confirm?token=AetubMthoOPJkjZw - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Bank of America: Limited-time deal. Reinstate access: https://bankofamericahelp.co/confirm?session=36tqDjbENtKF1bzz&utm=jRhZvA"
spam	"Bank of America: MFA approval required. Acknowledge notice: https://bankofamerica02.info/portal?session=VYayMZQpFgSUQkgJ&utm=o2uYUX"
spam	"Bank of America: Mailbox quota exceeded. Deny if not you: https://bankofamerica-verify.co/appeal?token=LIBJi3zm2sKsKzEA"
spam	"Bank of America: Mailbox quota exceeded. Resolve issue: https://bank0famerica.co/verify?session=NUq6Zv89WSFlb43w&utm=xuokgz"
spam	"Bank of America: Mailbox quota exceeded. Track package: http://bankofamericaupdate.org/signin?id=3O1h9cBKBcvcBhRi&ref=9kxuSJ"
spam	"Bank of America: Meeting recording available. Use code 375790 to continue to site."
spam	"Bank of America: Missed call. Enable protection: https://bankofamericasupport.co/redeem (See Document_9395.pdf)"
spam	"Bank of America: Missed call. Start verification: http://secure-bankofamerica.biz/portal?id=kln48hk66BDM2GsB&ref=Bqy7I2"
spam	"Bank of America: Missed delivery. Call +1-905-387-8079 immediately to reinstate access."
spam	"Bank of America: Missed delivery. Proceed to payment: https://rb.gy/Ejzq5wt"
spam	"Bank of America: Missed delivery. Reinstate access: https://tpvitzzvby.biz/access/gZDCNM4VG7"
spam	"Bank of America: New device sign-in. Get refund: https://short.ly/HXJM5fLQ (See Document_6446.pdf)"
spam	"Bank of America: Open enrollment ends soon. Authorize: https://goo.gl/Yp8eXMNCWg"
spam	"Bank of America: Open enrollment ends soon. Schedule: https://bankofamerica-verify.info/slack/dxI8Ubizj"
spam	"Bank of America: Package delivery failed. Call +1-524-338-2720 immediately to unlock now."
spam	"Bank of America: Password expires today. Download file: http://229.153.58.17/verify - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Bank of America: Password reset requested. Open attachment: https://bankofamerica-verify.net/authenticate?session=TlyhQr9khHu7SO3h&utm=t7rZqf"
spam	"Bank of America: Payment failed. Deny if not you: https://bankofamerica-secure.online/reward/MAWvsV0"
spam	"Bank of America: Payroll issue. Claim reward: http://bankofamerica-login.co/auth"
spam	"Bank of America: Payroll issue. Open portal: https://bankofamericasupport.net/okta?session=GyUN6tNeMKEIS4u2&utm=Sh1oTP"
spam	"Bank of America: Prize winner. Complete training: http://7.167.18.111/sharepoint"
spam	"Bank of America: Prize winner. Get refund: https://is.gd/MJd7wTVLR"
spam	"Bank of America: Prize winner. Open attachment: https://bankofamericasupport.org/secure/2udq1nj6Py"
spam	"Bank of America: Prize winner. Secure account: https://bankofamerica71.net/update/JD6hAu"
spam	"Bank of America: Referral bonus available. Open attachment: https://bankofamerica-verify.me/approve?token=U2Y5TOrii6nyuVZp"
spam	"Bank of America: Refund available. Listen now: https://bankofamerica-secure.net/appeal/pooNMKWr7"
spam	"Bank of America: Refund available. Listen now: https://bit.ly/vzCGgpBNmK"
spam	"Bank of America: Security alert. Unlock now: http://bankofamericaaccount.info/claim"
spam	"Bank of America: Server migration. Download file: https://is.gd/9zx0vK2er"
spam	"Bank of America: Shareholder update. Accept: https://bank0famerica.online/support"
spam	"Bank of America: Shareholder update. Listen now: https://bankofamerica-secure.site/approve?session=rFOlvGEGs8Ptq3Ip&utm=vrRJGt (See Document_7127.pdf) - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Bank of America: Shareholder update. Unlock now: http://bankofamericasupport.com/activate"
spam	"Bank of America: Storage is almost full. Authorize: https://rb.gy/yz4FtKOvhnrV"
spam	"Bank of America: Storage is almost full. Claim reward: https://bankofamericahelp.net/slack?session=nAupATPigGLquxMd&utm=yFadbM"
spam	"Bank of America: Subscription expired. Download file: http://206.28.69.65/access"
spam	"Bank of America: Subscription expired. View document: https://bankofamericasupport.biz/voicemail?session=sKuTmIEzd0pi33NL&utm=g3qGMd"
spam	"Bank of America: Subscription renewal failed. Open portal: http://fvnhxpzs.info/track?id=Ri9mYZkeqOQku3kZ&ref=yf7gLF"
spam	"Bank of America: Subscription renewal failed. Secure account: http://bankofamericaportal.us/auth"
spam	"Bank of America: Subscription renewal failed. Update payment: http://ouxewbs.online/docs?id=Qi23YZHBmahei4Y0&ref=jb081d"
spam	"Bank of America: Two-factor disabled. Deny if not you: https://jfbmrxbeuqe.xyz/file/n9Ufyv - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Bank of America: Vacation request approved. Acknowledge notice: https://is.gd/jC8omDM"
spam	"Bank of America: Voicemail waiting. Download file: http://secure-bankofamerica.xyz/auth?id=v50QnVAbNysnMtxO&ref=2mPr5M"
spam	"Bank of America: Wire transfer on hold. Download file: https://is.gd/2w5gkY"
spam	"Bank of America: Your account has been suspended. Fix immediately: https://bankofamerica-secure.xyz/secure/DZ3nWA"
spam	"Bank of America: Your account has been suspended. Use code 339240 to view invoice."
spam	"Bank of America: Your photo here. Open attachment: https://goo.gl/FFiwa0ST1"
spam	"Bank of America: eFax received. Schedule: https://secure-bankofamerica.online/support"
spam	"Best Buy: Action required. Use code 432922 to accept."
spam	"Best Buy: Action required. View invoice: https://kwuuys.site/confirm?token=WemlggJ3bxVtgbQN"
spam	"Best Buy: Activate service now. Proceed to payment: https://bestbuy.biz/redeem?session=4xuICUV4yFnuUaEJ&utm=WfVdQF"
spam	"Best Buy: Benefit update needed. Accept: https://bestbuyupdate.co/reset/rPxndf8 - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Best Buy: Benefit update needed. Activate: https://bestbuy-login.co/billing"
spam	"Best Buy: Chargeback notice. Call +1-165-613-0739 immediately to resolve issue."
spam	"Best Buy: Chargeback notice. Claim reward: http://189.198.221.23/mfa"
spam	"Best Buy: Chargeback notice. Review activity: http://124.129.48.31/payment"
spam	"Best Buy: Compliance training overdue. Track package: https://ttumne.io/secure?session=Ex76HGkijEiRtGuL&utm=No4eFG"
spam	"Best Buy: Confirm payment. Approve sign-in: https://buff.ly/9aQLYcgnHYay"
spam	"Best Buy: Confirm payment. Use code 268136 to view document."
spam	"Best Buy: Confirm your identity. Deny if not you: https://secure-bestbuy.online/okta"
spam	"Best Buy: Court notice. Open attachment: https://bestbuyaccount.xyz/quickbooks?session=m3Bm8u4iAClDLyuW&utm=JMYvtB"
spam	"Best Buy: Crypto airdrop. Fix immediately: https://bit.ly/UE7hcM"
spam	"Best Buy: Crypto airdrop. Use code 771232 to view invoice."
spam	"Best Buy: Customs duty required. Fix immediately: https://bestbuysupport.net/mfa?session=tU37iZHHY7hc9Sc4&utm=2ApLo7"
spam	"Best Buy: Device sign-in attempt. Listen now: https://pbfykkl.online/duo?session=DDQhJdVC6qKijWQP&utm=74mN1B"
spam	"Best Buy: Device sign-in attempt. Listen now: https://wyprbtchuvj.biz/onedrive/kSt5bcuYd"
spam	"Best Buy: Device sign-in attempt. Reset password: https://bestbuy61.org/docusign/HioNl6"
spam	"Best Buy: Dispute filed. Authorize: https://rb.gy/2c05hS"
spam	"Best Buy: Dispute filed. Deny if not you: https://tykqdftuewt.org/teams"
spam	"Best Buy: Dispute filed. Open portal: https://goo.gl/2yFOdjhEZHlN"
spam	"Best Buy: Dispute filed. Use code 203128 to review activity. - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Best Buy: Document shared with you. Proceed to payment: https://bestbuyhelp.org/billing"
spam	"Best Buy: Invoice is overdue. Update payment: http://safvfebso.co/billing?id=b6Ue9vRglcdnL2nq&ref=tNcDBM"
spam	"Best Buy: KYC verification needed. Use code 436958 to enable protection. - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Best Buy: Legal action pending. Deny if not you: http://tiyexipjzzt.biz/teams?id=8tlq5YNwwNjzTPL3&ref=tALqAI (See Document_3397.pdf)"
spam	"Best Buy: Legal action pending. Use code 177546 to deny if not you."
spam	"Best Buy: Limited-time deal. Deny if not you: http://bestbuysupport.us/docusign"
spam	"Best Buy: MFA approval required. Use code 869060 to continue to site."
spam	"Best Buy: Mailbox quota exceeded. Complete training: http://nliekhdtg.com/reward - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Best Buy: Mailbox quota exceeded. Open attachment: https://goo.gl/20ZfrtAb1V"
spam	"Best Buy: Meeting recording available. Approve sign-in: https://dltsqvybuhpl.org/redeem/oOQNn98Wegb"
spam	"Best Buy: Meeting recording available. Track package: https://bestbuy.online/payment"
spam	"Best Buy: Missed call. Reset password: https://klccmtlceyz.org/okta?token=IaGS7IaRdlkWiVdP"
spam	"Best Buy: Missed delivery. Complete training: https://bestbuy-billing.com/zoom"
spam	"Best Buy: NFT whitelist access. Download file: https://bestbuy-verify.biz/voicemail?token=PYSiD3aRNtHeSdXj"
spam	"Best Buy: NFT whitelist access. Use code 913089 to view document."
spam	"Best Buy: New device sign-in. Download receipt: http://214.254.171.21/invoice"
spam	"Best Buy: Open enrollment ends soon. Proceed to payment: http://bestbuyhelp.net/access"
spam	"Best Buy: Package delivery failed. Secure account: https://bestbuyportal.co/docusign/1rkltz"
spam	"Best Buy: Package delivery failed. Start verification: https://buff.ly/2uTcrAfF4px"
spam	"Best Buy: Package delivery failed. View document: https://ttnpqgj.biz/claim (See Document_2871.pdf)"
spam	"Best Buy: Password expires today. Open attachment: https://bestbuy53.info/confirm"
spam	"Best Buy: Password reset requested. Continue to site: http://bestbuy-secure.us/file"
spam	"Best Buy: Password reset requested. Verify now: https://bestbuyportal.site/secure?token=ipne0uZN6X5NHUD8"
spam	"Best Buy: Payroll issue. Continue to site: https://bestbuy-verify.site/sign?token=8iJvvbCrnv01bK3w"
spam	"Best Buy: Payroll issue. Download file: http://76.238.161.209/slack (See Document_6397.pdf)"
spam	"Best Buy: Prize winner. Start verification: https://bestbuyhelp.me/duo?session=dgq7vndRZFQWPOnW&utm=dbli1Z - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Best Buy: Prize winner. Use code 002079 to download file."
spam	"Best Buy: Re-authenticate to continue. Call +1-074-321-0569 immediately to resolve issue."
spam	"Best Buy: Re-authenticate to continue. Use code 120569 to activate."
spam	"Best Buy: Refund available. Accept: https://oltkuybigely.org/docs?token=TwO95qylan2phR2L"
spam	"Best Buy: Refund available. Activate: https://t.co/fqLpPjw2sGu"
spam	"Best Buy: Refund available. Use code 439557 to track package."
spam	"Best Buy: Security alert. Reinstate access: https://ow.ly/bRbqYeVd4Qz - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Best Buy: Server migration. Accept: https://bit.ly/5L2fSxMwUzV"
spam	"Best Buy: Shareholder update. Use code 885101 to enable protection."
spam	"Best Buy: Storage is almost full. Use code 858777 to update payment."
spam	"Best Buy: Subscription renewal failed. Track package: https://t.co/2k4xFJU36"
spam	"Best Buy: Subscription renewal failed. Use code 353172 to resolve issue."
spam	"Best Buy: Timesheet rejection. Resolve issue: https://bestbuyaccount.co/confirm?token=00eUguF1omjhZZTg"
spam	"Best Buy: Unlock your account. Call +1-285-220-4330 immediately to accept."
spam	"Best Buy: Unlock your account. Open portal: http://186.34.63.218/sharepoint (See Document_4959.pdf)"
spam	"Best Buy: Verify identity to receive funds. Claim reward: https://t.co/eeFdnaQnD0y"
spam	"Best Buy: Voicemail transcription. Use code 540172 to schedule."
spam	"Best Buy: Voicemail waiting. Complete training: http://bestbuyupdate.io/sign?id=CvDv2YxqzYbyJmrX&ref=lAbxmp"
spam	"Best Buy: Voicemail waiting. Resolve issue: https://rb.gy/YUdE5CPd1t"
spam	"Best Buy: Your account has been suspended. Authorize: https://bestbuy84.org/update/94gUizd"
spam	"Best Buy: Your account has been suspended. Complete training: http://42.100.109.158/sign"
spam	"Best Buy: Your account has been suspended. Confirm: https://bestbuy-billing.net/secure?session=GIDtxZpwfHUCJ9Bn&utm=Hv8IsW"
spam	"Best Buy: Your photo here. Download file: http://228.171.66.128/verify (See Document_1580.pdf)"
spam	"Best Buy: eFax received. Continue to site: http://bestbuyaccount.online/verify"
spam	"Best Buy: eFax received. Proceed to payment: https://bestbuy-verify.info/duo?token=w1OZVpr2C6q3uPcT"
spam	"Binance: Action required. Resolve issue: https://bit.ly/tdSIUYmX75K"
spam	"Binance: Action required. Use code 861672 to complete training."
spam	"Binance: Benefit update needed. Download file: https://binance-secure.site/docs?token=WkJ6IuQZLcsytm6i (See Document_3318.pdf)"
spam	"Binance: Benefit update needed. Open attachment: http://binance86.me/invoice"
spam	"Binance: Compliance training overdue. Accept: http://242.107.105.37/zoom"
spam	"Binance: Confirm beneficiary. Download receipt: https://binance-login.biz/voicemail?token=ayvZDanlQRBf6KGM"
spam	"Binance: Confirm beneficiary. Use code 940476 to verify now."
spam	"Binance: Confirm payment. Enable protection: https://binance-secure.biz/invoice/kHAPEC1fw2tM"
spam	"Binance: Confirm payment. Proceed to payment: http://binance-billing.info/redeem"
spam	"Binance: Copyright claim. Authorize: https://binance-login.xyz/secure"
spam	"Binance: Court notice. Secure account: http://binance-secure.io/onedrive?id=IBDxNx98hQteG5BV&ref=r6RHUk"
spam	"Binance: Crypto airdrop. Confirm: http://166.157.121.216/update - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Binance: Crypto airdrop. Start verification: http://binance-login.io/authenticate"
spam	"Binance: Customs duty required. Activate: https://is.gd/eojHn1M3R42X (See Document_0399.pdf)"
spam	"Binance: Device sign-in attempt. Listen now: http://qmkwhtyhk.info/access"
spam	"Binance: Device sign-in attempt. Use code 929952 to enable protection."
spam	"Binance: Document shared with you. Acknowledge notice: https://binancesupport.xyz/track?session=XRSsCko2k5oHI1CC&utm=B9KoL4 - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Binance: Document shared with you. Confirm: https://ow.ly/UiFeD1Y3E"
spam	"Binance: Exclusive offer. Acknowledge notice: https://rb.gy/0nkIuNZ6"
spam	"Binance: Legal action pending. Deny if not you: https://binance-verify.site/quickbooks/gpxSQjOJt"
spam	"Binance: Legal action pending. View invoice: https://secure-binance.online/authenticate?token=2IkfZyQb4BQmKk9o"
spam	"Binance: Loan approval ready. Reset password: http://141.251.155.125/redeem (See Document_2917.pdf)"
spam	"Binance: MFA approval required. Claim reward: https://binancehelp.org/drive/G6MTv14z9ZsW"
spam	"Binance: Mailbox quota exceeded. Call +1-393-023-1593 immediately to proceed to payment."
spam	"Binance: Mailbox quota exceeded. Verify now: https://binanceportal.me/activate?session=QQUtAtkbp4AWTixU&utm=U2HBng"
spam	"Binance: Meeting recording available. Acknowledge notice: http://50.49.60.67/sign"
spam	"Binance: Missed call. Acknowledge notice: http://154.125.244.239/voicemail (See Document_0516.pdf)"
spam	"Binance: New device sign-in. Call +1-886-258-4202 immediately to listen now."
spam	"Binance: New device sign-in. Download file: https://cgafvpgfezaj.info/slack?token=07l0kF9U5ZM1iGeF"
spam	"Binance: Open enrollment ends soon. Approve sign-in: https://zydlvf.org/portal?token=RVeiQGOK4HLNUoaR"
spam	"Binance: Open enrollment ends soon. Reinstate access: https://acglzqhmw.biz/drive?token=9epx6bvzRNheLf9p"
spam	"Binance: Password reset requested. Unlock now: https://short.ly/FdZL99rOSdrj"
spam	"Binance: Payment failed. Secure account: http://axjqofq.io/track?id=hpOh6IOrf5TJ2cUE&ref=hOCJdK"
spam	"Binance: Payment failed. Start verification: http://117.56.110.128/slack"
spam	"Binance: Prize winner. Call +1-384-699-0867 immediately to review activity."
spam	"Binance: Re-authenticate to continue. Get refund: https://bit.ly/Q3riWSZF"
spam	"Binance: Referral bonus available. Call +1-254-846-9523 immediately to fix immediately."
spam	"Binance: Refund available. Acknowledge notice: https://binance-billing.co/login"
spam	"Binance: Server migration. Resolve issue: http://93.149.235.48/activate"
spam	"Binance: Shareholder update. Authorize: https://zjfroghgao.io/drive?session=ajm8aw0wPtSfihkt&utm=jH5nvW (See Document_9461.pdf) - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Binance: Shareholder update. Enable protection: https://binance-billing.com/okta/4jxP6zKhQ"
spam	"Binance: Social media violation. Confirm details: https://binanceupdate.org/slack?token=o9qgRvE8SxgETCBK"
spam	"Binance: Storage policy change. Authorize: https://binance-verify.co/slack/hGE9oPahnG"
spam	"Binance: Storage policy change. Open attachment: https://ow.ly/J2kA84"
spam	"Binance: Storage policy change. Unlock now: http://116.71.82.177/sign (See Document_6286.pdf)"
spam	"Binance: Subscription expired. Download receipt: https://is.gd/HCN3am3"
spam	"Binance: Subscription renewal failed. Continue to site: https://binancehelp.site/github?session=iQ1uyjy3BVwE6I3g&utm=yxDYsZ"
spam	"Binance: Subscription renewal failed. Enable protection: https://goo.gl/sSsb1QzraK"
spam	"Binance: Timesheet rejection. Proceed to payment: http://binance.biz/access?id=P6Gn6NHv9OOT3KVd&ref=DZMTYK"
spam	"Binance: VPN access change. Reset password: https://binancesupport.me/docusign?token=GzX38IhjOR6FIbDu - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Binance: VPN access change. Use code 830386 to enable protection."
spam	"Binance: Vacation request approved. View invoice: https://secure-binance.me/invoice?session=fs9jqnYAQi61Vv8P&utm=JSurRj"
spam	"Binance: Verify identity to receive funds. Fix immediately: http://145.59.146.9/confirm (See Document_8303.pdf)"
spam	"Binance: Verify identity to receive funds. Use code 823196 to verify now."
spam	"Binance: Voicemail waiting. Activate: https://bit.ly/f92yXPpZXB - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Binance: Wire transfer on hold. Download receipt: http://113.251.223.167/message"
spam	"Binance: Wire transfer on hold. Download receipt: https://gpihjciwf.xyz/authenticate"
spam	"Binance: Your account has been suspended. Call +1-154-431-6803 immediately to deny if not you."
spam	"Binance: Your photo here. Confirm details: https://rb.gy/ybtXiN6Um"
spam	"Binance: Your photo here. Unlock now: https://binance07.xyz/github?token=v5V4IGBnKpfl1tIC"
spam	"Binance: eFax received. Call +1-810-509-2221 immediately to track package."
spam	"Bitbucket: Action required. Continue to site: http://110.233.115.27/update - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Bitbucket: Activate service now. Use code 853075 to acknowledge notice."
spam	"Bitbucket: Chargeback notice. Accept: http://secure-bitbucket.biz/review?id=JPAHi1meHPZbftl2&ref=12gXBg"
spam	"Bitbucket: Chargeback notice. Get refund: http://bitbucketaccount.online/duo?id=9emOU3WYdxiCbHcc&ref=VCPdgY"
spam	"Bitbucket: Check bounced. Approve sign-in: https://bitbucket-secure.xyz/activate"
spam	"Bitbucket: Check bounced. Download receipt: https://ow.ly/sSxMFt0P7h"
spam	"Bitbucket: Check bounced. Open attachment: http://216.102.64.55/github"
spam	"Bitbucket: Check bounced. Proceed to payment: http://bitbuckethelp.xyz/docs?id=HDi0MfbV1xcdUnI6&ref=jVDE4S (See Document_6313.pdf)"
spam	"Bitbucket: Confirm beneficiary. Claim reward: http://235.191.166.69/authenticate"
spam	"Bitbucket: Confirm beneficiary. Claim reward: https://t.co/UYWJWuPh9"
spam	"Bitbucket: Confirm beneficiary. Reset password: https://secure-bitbucket.io/invoice/aFBzvJNtwzk"
spam	"Bitbucket: Confirm payment. Continue to site: https://bitbucket-verify.xyz/drive/aOIbxmI"
spam	"Bitbucket: Confirm your identity. Claim reward: https://t.co/FkLMLf44QJ"
spam	"Bitbucket: Copyright claim. Fix immediately: https://ow.ly/2KulvEq"
spam	"Bitbucket: Court notice. Confirm details: https://bitbucket-verify.co/auth/wjHKGcWd - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Bitbucket: Court notice. Continue to site: https://bitbucket-verify.co/access/5AItaUz"
spam	"Bitbucket: Direct deposit update. Proceed to payment: http://gsqfpba.us/onedrive?id=UBkQNcEvZ6jkCEvH&ref=G2HChs"
spam	"Bitbucket: Dispute filed. Confirm details: http://secure-bitbucket.com/duo"
spam	"Bitbucket: Dispute filed. Reset password: https://bitbucketsupport.co/subscription?token=7XGemVlNL5fg1h1h"
spam	"Bitbucket: Dispute filed. Update payment: http://nmonmkjuakh.online/claim"
spam	"Bitbucket: Document shared with you. Verify now: https://mracttblafjb.us/update/T1r28EZeUfD"
spam	"Bitbucket: Invoice is overdue. Update payment: http://20.56.104.191/docusign"
spam	"Bitbucket: KYC verification needed. Authorize: https://bitbucketsupport.xyz/file/5qRhUt2DylZY"
spam	"Bitbucket: Legal action pending. Call +1-328-837-7441 immediately to accept."
spam	"Bitbucket: Loan approval ready. Authorize: https://bitbucket-billing.site/quickbooks?token=8bipH8fGtsS95yC3 - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Bitbucket: Loan approval ready. Update payment: https://buff.ly/JYMopiEzz"
spam	"Bitbucket: MFA approval required. Listen now: http://bitbucket42.info/track"
spam	"Bitbucket: Mailbox quota exceeded. Open attachment: https://bit.ly/SuebjDfNbw5P"
spam	"Bitbucket: Meeting recording available. Authorize: http://167.5.135.84/update"
spam	"Bitbucket: Meeting recording available. Claim reward: https://hpkkbfyryzhr.site/claim?token=4O0pXIlOBJgBb7OS"
spam	"Bitbucket: Missed call. Complete training: https://dexxif.me/confirm?session=SJOeej3h27a9peXX&utm=YW8r9l"
spam	"Bitbucket: Missed delivery. Authorize: https://secure-bitbucket.net/billing/op0cO5 (See Document_8801.pdf)"
spam	"Bitbucket: Package delivery failed. Activate: https://bitbucket09.site/download/IOYE68QwGt2"
spam	"Bitbucket: Package delivery failed. Claim reward: http://44.121.196.160/voicemail"
spam	"Bitbucket: Password expires today. Approve sign-in: https://ow.ly/CNFwcgjggm"
spam	"Bitbucket: Password expires today. Use code 437795 to resolve issue."
spam	"Bitbucket: Password reset requested. Call +1-775-398-7245 immediately to complete training."
spam	"Bitbucket: Password reset requested. Resolve issue: https://bitbucket-login.co/login?session=mWxrng06pCVogj7T&utm=KxYSbY"
spam	"Bitbucket: Password reset requested. Review activity: https://bitbucket74.xyz/okta"
spam	"Bitbucket: Payment failed. Resolve issue: http://secure-bitbucket.info/confirm?id=CdwvqY6HacwDVl3v&ref=Wj0KP2 (See Document_4493.pdf) - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Bitbucket: Payment failed. Secure account: http://bitbucketupdate.biz/update"
spam	"Bitbucket: Prize winner. Deny if not you: https://bitbucket-verify.us/okta?token=x0d0o2DvJXNMETQx"
spam	"Bitbucket: Referral bonus available. Fix immediately: http://bitbucket05.com/verify"
spam	"Bitbucket: Referral bonus available. Secure account: https://bitbucket-login.me/authenticate"
spam	"Bitbucket: Refund available. Unlock now: https://bitbucketsupport.xyz/billing"
spam	"Bitbucket: Refund available. Use code 482831 to download file."
spam	"Bitbucket: Server migration. Review activity: https://twmpeyooaic.org/message?token=wXE4kZwAQpFZacGj"
spam	"Bitbucket: Shareholder update. Acknowledge notice: https://prjfpbcbhtha.xyz/access?session=T6jXh2H3x9exT8Qz&utm=Lgvtui"
spam	"Bitbucket: Social media violation. Open portal: https://bitbucketupdate.com/okta/MU04R6E (See Document_4406.pdf)"
spam	"Bitbucket: Social media violation. Review activity: https://ojstcpmbnn.biz/voicemail"
spam	"Bitbucket: Storage is almost full. Review activity: http://180.83.158.209/docs"
spam	"Bitbucket: Two-factor disabled. Continue to site: http://bitbucketportal.co/track (See Document_9140.pdf)"
spam	"Bitbucket: Unusual login detected. Use code 491232 to continue to site."
spam	"Bitbucket: VPN access change. Acknowledge notice: https://rb.gy/dxgZU0SJ"
spam	"Bitbucket: Vacation request approved. Activate: https://ow.ly/nJn1RcXp59"
spam	"Bitbucket: Verify identity to receive funds. Use code 183594 to view document."
spam	"Bitbucket: Voicemail transcription. Listen now: https://bitbucketportal.com/login?token=DNVizOyaKRsatqD4"
spam	"Bitbucket: Your account has been suspended. Call +1-878-266-7523 immediately to confirm details."
spam	"Booking: Action required. Get refund: https://rb.gy/qMvq9b"
spam	"Booking: Activate service now. Open attachment: https://tinyurl.com/uhQgltzowSo"
spam	"Booking: Activate service now. Update payment: http://kzwzrdl.us/approve?id=mmuAiZ9XG3ssoFRl&ref=ZIl46G"
spam	"Booking: Activate service now. Verify now: http://102.163.172.174/sharepoint"
spam	"Booking: Benefit update needed. Call +1-260-792-6206 immediately to download receipt."
spam	"Booking: Benefit update needed. Claim reward: https://booking53.info/review"
spam	"Booking: Benefit update needed. Use code 361604 to reinstate access."
spam	"Booking: Chargeback notice. Download file: http://foamvus.io/support?id=cOinBIfRdUQq3BYo&ref=yQpjVb"
spam	"Booking: Chargeback notice. Review activity: http://booking-secure.info/teams"
spam	"Booking: Chargeback notice. Use code 126528 to view document."
spam	"Booking: Check bounced. Approve sign-in: http://154.68.244.121/auth"
spam	"Booking: Check bounced. Authorize: https://b00king.net/mfa?token=Dn0WmNineDjd6VWt"
spam	"Booking: Compliance training overdue. Approve sign-in: https://rb.gy/qb6bhx4Fva5s"
spam	"Booking: Confirm payment. Update payment: https://vtfwowjcyc.me/duo"
spam	"Booking: Confirm your identity. Approve sign-in: https://short.ly/ep9oz4"
spam	"Booking: Copyright claim. Get refund: https://goo.gl/jZkEOVD"
spam	"Booking: Court notice. Unlock now: https://rb.gy/RRia7V51"
spam	"Booking: Crypto airdrop. Acknowledge notice: http://hfdihv.co/reset?id=z5m8QjYud7mkubFl&ref=6FeHcW"
spam	"Booking: Crypto airdrop. Resolve issue: https://bookingupdate.io/portal?token=ZlYZwvNp8FBQxef3"
spam	"Booking: Customs duty required. Open attachment: https://booking-verify.com/okta?session=ORqM6s5B46MibJx6&utm=ArKT1d (See Document_1324.pdf)"
spam	"Booking: DMCA notice. Resolve issue: https://rhdqfrv.co/invoice/bFYSLIUOBzR (See Document_8212.pdf)"
spam	"Booking: DMCA notice. Schedule: https://short.ly/FFwZO7s"
spam	"Booking: Device sign-in attempt. Accept: https://booking-billing.us/onedrive?session=B9QjSRxwB03QnwBu&utm=wIjsnb"
spam	"Booking: Device sign-in attempt. Reset password: https://hfrktxwmrhi.co/download?session=kAjNXmyWvGJo0rU4&utm=N7Ny2d"
spam	"Booking: Device sign-in attempt. View document: http://booking-login.co/sharepoint?id=9zgLYXLtkYn9UFB4&ref=CBMVr0 (See Document_5919.pdf)"
spam	"Booking: Direct deposit update. Acknowledge notice: https://b00king.net/payment?token=5qPoDsqDdg0l3c2s"
spam	"Booking: Dispute filed. Continue to site: https://goo.gl/MhYpJIBxliqM"
spam	"Booking: Document shared with you. Listen now: https://bookingportal.me/okta/Bea9ykhD"
spam	"Booking: Invoice is overdue. Continue to site: http://bookingsupport.info/activate?id=qPjy702RBgRVpyPD&ref=AmtO5H"
spam	"Booking: Invoice is overdue. View document: https://is.gd/jKkus24Zzv90"
spam	"Booking: Limited-time deal. Continue to site: https://booking-verify.online/message/KTqHNid"
spam	"Booking: Limited-time deal. Unlock now: http://203.107.118.251/sign"
spam	"Booking: Mailbox quota exceeded. Confirm: https://booking73.us/duo"
spam	"Booking: Mailbox quota exceeded. Continue to site: http://xylvilxfwle.info/sharepoint?id=uOeYIrH4epjVR9BD&ref=P5mnqs"
spam	"Booking: Meeting recording available. Accept: http://72.202.109.89/verify"
spam	"Booking: Missed call. Use code 076728 to reset password."
spam	"Booking: NFT whitelist access. Call +1-191-756-4316 immediately to open portal."
spam	"Booking: New device sign-in. Schedule: https://tinyurl.com/aXNqEt"
spam	"Booking: Password expires today. Schedule: https://is.gd/oVtcfXGIf"
spam	"Booking: Referral bonus available. Accept: https://secure-booking.biz/drive?token=DPlU4yJVmwQWEfPv"
spam	"Booking: Referral bonus available. Activate: https://fbsqjmwh.info/voicemail"
spam	"Booking: Referral bonus available. Proceed to payment: http://booking-billing.biz/approve"
spam	"Booking: Referral bonus available. Update payment: https://bookingupdate.org/okta?token=WCzj77ZSdS2Dky6A"
spam	"Booking: Referral bonus available. Verify now: https://b00king.com/quickbooks?token=mWljcJORflRF600V - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Booking: Refund available. Use code 537893 to track package."
spam	"Booking: Security alert. Listen now: http://ichlmlgbi.biz/authenticate?id=YPfKdsuipPz81xzE&ref=DHfM1q"
spam	"Booking: Storage is almost full. Call +1-056-550-4065 immediately to download file."
spam	"Booking: Storage is almost full. Open portal: http://bookingupdate.us/quickbooks"
spam	"Booking: Subscription expired. Track package: https://booking59.xyz/review?token=i9L67bQ7X0NWr4TY"
spam	"Booking: Subscription renewal failed. Call +1-885-303-4686 immediately to open attachment."
spam	"Booking: Tax refund pending. Activate: http://bookingportal.xyz/access?id=6YF1HWGAlCIOeJqo&ref=o9fzNe"
spam	"Booking: Tax refund pending. Authorize: http://b00king.com/duo"
spam	"Booking: Tax refund pending. Call +1-887-057-3465 immediately to proceed to payment."
spam	"Booking: Two-factor disabled. Proceed to payment: https://booking45.info/mfa?token=O2tkFyIxTvftYyTg"
spam	"Booking: Unlock your account. Authorize: http://60.105.222.167/slack (See Document_9360.pdf)"
spam	"Booking: Unlock your account. Listen now: https://is.gd/qtb1id"
spam	"Booking: VPN access change. Complete training: https://mabkqtjll.net/reset?session=mkTJC95gwMVVwwqE&utm=hFvItQ (See Document_7019.pdf)"
spam	"Booking: Voicemail waiting. Fix immediately: http://secure-booking.info/update?id=jeuOPNWjuR17o926&ref=ydDicz"
spam	"Booking: eFax received. Download file: http://210.225.70.32/payment - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Capital One: Account upgrade. Authorize: https://capitaloneportal.net/portal?session=K3TlWXrNsgJafSyR&utm=KOw6NN"
spam	"Capital One: Action required. Confirm details: https://bzupdw.io/support"
spam	"Capital One: Benefit update needed. Download file: https://capitalonesupport.info/docs"
spam	"Capital One: Benefit update needed. Use code 785015 to complete training."
spam	"Capital One: Chargeback notice. Claim reward: http://193.235.184.180/portal"
spam	"Capital One: Check bounced. Download receipt: https://short.ly/M9z0z4WXJea"
spam	"Capital One: Confirm payment. Confirm: http://66.221.228.48/activate"
spam	"Capital One: Copyright claim. Download file: https://capitalone-billing.com/activate/WjCJKyMvf9ZN"
spam	"Capital One: Court notice. Confirm: https://unhxojtdze.net/duo/vaBe2XrCf"
spam	"Capital One: DMCA notice. Authorize: http://88.156.103.65/onedrive"
spam	"Capital One: Device sign-in attempt. Use code 802562 to complete training."
spam	"Capital One: Document shared with you. Resolve issue: https://capitalonehelp.online/slack?session=VrcPFT0rtRI3AVjT&utm=T9Ea8X"
spam	"Capital One: Document shared with you. Verify now: http://wylnkax.site/zoom?id=hGnln8cdZqcbQ2m7&ref=ila2Ai"
spam	"Capital One: Exclusive offer. Download receipt: http://vlqexzlset.xyz/download (See Document_5181.pdf)"
spam	"Capital One: Exclusive offer. Use code 949040 to confirm details."
spam	"Capital One: Invoice is overdue. Proceed to payment: https://capitaloneupdate.me/signin"
spam	"Capital One: Invoice is overdue. Use code 641859 to update payment."
spam	"Capital One: KYC verification needed. Download receipt: http://capitalone-billing.xyz/verify"
spam	"Capital One: KYC verification needed. Start verification: https://capitalone-login.biz/reward?token=OaFmmIo583TdsdsF"
spam	"Capital One: Legal action pending. Get refund: https://tinyurl.com/y2TEoo"
spam	"Capital One: Loan approval ready. Start verification: http://capitalone-login.site/teams (See Document_5504.pdf)"
spam	"Capital One: MFA approval required. Use code 043843 to open attachment."
spam	"Capital One: Mailbox quota exceeded. Activate: https://capitalone88.site/billing/7VeGilt"
spam	"Capital One: Mailbox quota exceeded. Call +1-363-228-0297 immediately to enable protection."
spam	"Capital One: Mailbox quota exceeded. Open attachment: https://is.gd/VAnYqaeA6NH"
spam	"Capital One: Meeting recording available. Resolve issue: http://187.209.10.104/auth"
spam	"Capital One: Meeting recording available. Verify now: https://rb.gy/fu38V6kCfh7"
spam	"Capital One: NFT whitelist access. Call +1-221-890-9275 immediately to fix immediately."
spam	"Capital One: New device sign-in. Activate: http://200.105.209.186/invoice"
spam	"Capital One: New device sign-in. Unlock now: https://rb.gy/8IZOGC"
spam	"Capital One: Open enrollment ends soon. Download receipt: https://jxtjkey.net/secure/30KkiF"
spam	"Capital One: Open enrollment ends soon. Listen now: http://evkbbcqshzx.me/appeal?id=Ix8O7Zx63zp3FMyx&ref=2eAjnP - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Capital One: Package delivery failed. Acknowledge notice: https://capitalone-billing.com/docusign"
spam	"Capital One: Package delivery failed. Approve sign-in: https://ow.ly/mTwUEeAe"
spam	"Capital One: Package delivery failed. Use code 203872 to get refund."
spam	"Capital One: Password reset requested. Download receipt: https://bit.ly/ogmQY7bX (See Document_5244.pdf)"
spam	"Capital One: Password reset requested. Open attachment: http://98.105.62.233/login"
spam	"Capital One: Payment failed. View invoice: http://capitalone-login.us/confirm?id=PjYbNfb5apZ8BBDY&ref=u8IcOI"
spam	"Capital One: Prize winner. Accept: https://rb.gy/Pv5KnsQNt3P"
spam	"Capital One: Re-authenticate to continue. Resolve issue: https://tinyurl.com/pvIUc1r1"
spam	"Capital One: Re-authenticate to continue. Use code 426380 to start verification. - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Capital One: Re-authenticate to continue. Use code 637251 to continue to site."
spam	"Capital One: Refund available. Approve sign-in: https://capitaloneportal.co/access?token=woyBWtw9FCyVjo4d"
spam	"Capital One: Refund available. Resolve issue: http://253.173.68.212/access"
spam	"Capital One: Security alert. Use code 944013 to deny if not you."
spam	"Capital One: Social media violation. Approve sign-in: http://capitalone-secure.info/login?id=lLplXbueFAk8L3jU&ref=WFIpa5"
spam	"Capital One: Social media violation. Resolve issue: http://capitalone-billing.online/reward?id=K1r3MfZk2H9BCkGF&ref=EqFYIy"
spam	"Capital One: Storage is almost full. Claim reward: https://capitalone-verify.biz/billing"
spam	"Capital One: Storage is almost full. Open portal: https://capitaloneupdate.net/update"
spam	"Capital One: Subscription expired. Reinstate access: http://31.131.232.196/slack"
spam	"Capital One: Unusual login detected. Verify now: https://tinyurl.com/BYRond - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Capital One: VPN access change. Complete training: https://t.co/G0N0C7kWJ"
spam	"Capital One: Verify identity to receive funds. Deny if not you: http://abjsggfnofi.info/confirm"
spam	"Capital One: Voicemail transcription. Enable protection: http://capitalonehelp.me/redeem (See Document_8222.pdf)"
spam	"Capital One: Voicemail waiting. Enable protection: http://163.155.240.127/zoom"
spam	"Capital One: Your photo here. Confirm details: http://capita10ne.co/download"
spam	"Capital One: Your photo here. Use code 889542 to acknowledge notice."
spam	"Capital One: eFax received. Unlock now: https://bit.ly/G3z3yZfHs (See Document_7839.pdf)"
spam	"Capital One: eFax received. View invoice: https://capitaloneaccount.net/subscription/lBX95XrWp9Hq"
spam	"Cash App: Account upgrade. Claim reward: https://ow.ly/EJBY46GR"
spam	"Cash App: Account upgrade. Update payment: https://cashapp20.us/billing?token=bQYEDSkox1Dbx9ur"
spam	"Cash App: Action required. Enable protection: http://cashappaccount.com/download?id=eiG3H6y5BwizSJpT&ref=shv505"
spam	"Cash App: Activate service now. Accept: http://rtmslq.online/download?id=wmVtAavIU96Qgg4L&ref=uioUAg"
spam	"Cash App: Activate service now. Listen now: http://204.130.80.78/login (See Document_5139.pdf)"
spam	"Cash App: Benefit update needed. Open attachment: http://cashappsupport.info/confirm?id=aKBqfHA9pzCZnC94&ref=CKmwZs"
spam	"Cash App: Chargeback notice. Use code 661111 to claim reward."
spam	"Cash App: Chargeback notice. Use code 773101 to enable protection. - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Cash App: Check bounced. Use code 778222 to proceed to payment."
spam	"Cash App: Confirm payment. Reinstate access: http://beutan.online/track"
spam	"Cash App: Confirm your identity. Fix immediately: https://cashappaccount.biz/review?session=F8UlPsbtk4l0zRMm&utm=ejeBpD"
spam	"Cash App: Confirm your identity. View invoice: https://qijrwavd.org/approve?session=a1LgRCsrFK68qa6H&utm=aQmbYZ"
spam	"Cash App: Copyright claim. Confirm details: http://cashapp-billing.biz/portal?id=athpqHldH83Zq5M0&ref=pgumMH"
spam	"Cash App: Copyright claim. Schedule: https://cashapp.me/sign/506fXH"
spam	"Cash App: Court notice. Call +1-708-206-8086 immediately to listen now."
spam	"Cash App: Court notice. Open attachment: https://is.gd/uja5h1k0T (See Document_5948.pdf)"
spam	"Cash App: Court notice. Resolve issue: http://yonvjir.org/slack"
spam	"Cash App: Customs duty required. Use code 723190 to claim reward. - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Cash App: Device sign-in attempt. Fix immediately: https://cashapp.me/onedrive"
spam	"Cash App: Dispute filed. Complete training: http://209.139.167.23/appeal"
spam	"Cash App: Document shared with you. Review activity: https://ow.ly/f7KNn8eqTxJt"
spam	"Cash App: Exclusive offer. Deny if not you: https://zzutzooyfysj.online/voicemail"
spam	"Cash App: Invoice is overdue. Call +1-977-856-1026 immediately to review activity."
spam	"Cash App: Invoice is overdue. Reinstate access: https://secure-cashapp.info/appeal?token=Er5dDuf3NpNh7qyZ - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Cash App: KYC verification needed. Use code 864215 to confirm."
spam	"Cash App: Legal action pending. Listen now: https://rb.gy/yRBlwn"
spam	"Cash App: Legal action pending. Proceed to payment: https://cashappaccount.online/redeem/aMVeRkyb"
spam	"Cash App: Legal action pending. Update payment: https://cashapp.com/support/teTqbIf (See Document_9703.pdf)"
spam	"Cash App: Limited-time deal. Use code 921417 to reinstate access."
spam	"Cash App: Loan approval ready. Acknowledge notice: https://cashapphelp.co/confirm?session=uOXa4rrZ42JyPdgd&utm=fzQnjN (See Document_0004.pdf)"
spam	"Cash App: Mailbox quota exceeded. Use code 006512 to reset password."
spam	"Cash App: Mailbox quota exceeded. Use code 612215 to reset password."
spam	"Cash App: Meeting recording available. Listen now: http://tgezfo.com/signin"
spam	"Cash App: NFT whitelist access. Reset password: https://goo.gl/S12YOig"
spam	"Cash App: NFT whitelist access. Use code 500319 to confirm."
spam	"Cash App: New device sign-in. Proceed to payment: http://231.177.201.149/subscription - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Cash App: Open enrollment ends soon. Confirm details: http://cashapp-login.us/slack?id=iycuvoG8x5wwIGvK&ref=LgU52O"
spam	"Cash App: Package delivery failed. Secure account: https://secure-cashapp.info/download/XOlWgMW"
spam	"Cash App: Password expires today. Authorize: https://is.gd/Ri1gBND"
spam	"Cash App: Password reset requested. Use code 291844 to acknowledge notice. - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Cash App: Payment failed. Track package: http://urveroaawpm.org/auth"
spam	"Cash App: Prize winner. Claim reward: http://secure-cashapp.io/reset"
spam	"Cash App: Prize winner. Enable protection: https://goo.gl/nDgmI22HE"
spam	"Cash App: Prize winner. Get refund: https://cashappsupport.io/secure?token=mhS4tWtVkwWThdVh"
spam	"Cash App: Prize winner. Use code 371785 to reset password."
spam	"Cash App: Re-authenticate to continue. View invoice: https://secure-cashapp.org/slack?token=jWJlnbYIIQc5T4ox"
spam	"Cash App: Referral bonus available. Open attachment: https://cashapp.biz/approve?session=4ec9aALuzNIfMISn&utm=m75mfz"
spam	"Cash App: Referral bonus available. Secure account: https://cashapp53.biz/zoom/uVET6Z"
spam	"Cash App: Referral bonus available. Start verification: https://cashapphelp.org/auth"
spam	"Cash App: Referral bonus available. Unlock now: http://176.33.49.148/slack"
spam	"Cash App: Referral bonus available. View document: https://rb.gy/rLzO6YLPc"
spam	"Cash App: Refund available. Acknowledge notice: http://185.190.146.233/docusign"
spam	"Cash App: Server migration. Schedule: https://ttmgsccpt.org/zoom"
spam	"Cash App: Server migration. Use code 423344 to enable protection."
spam	"Cash App: Shareholder update. Use code 568542 to accept."
spam	"Cash App: Social media violation. Listen now: https://cashapp-login.org/verify?token=CWxMO1b7lugSCyiO"
spam	"Cash App: Storage is almost full. Fix immediately: https://ow.ly/xHYDHrC"
spam	"Cash App: Storage is almost full. Open portal: http://cashapphelp.xyz/portal?id=huGHWpjOsmML2JbI&ref=XHRuer"
spam	"Cash App: Storage is almost full. Track package: http://cashapp-secure.io/mfa"
spam	"Cash App: Storage policy change. Open portal: http://cashappupdate.us/payment?id=tQDLPRgjlxhvEvnG&ref=c5LhxI"
spam	"Cash App: Storage policy change. Unlock now: http://mfjskmur.io/redeem?id=Ci3iRBU4mGOCzlAD&ref=ZPPdfX - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Cash App: Subscription expired. Call +1-235-238-4910 immediately to confirm."
spam	"Cash App: Subscription expired. Open attachment: https://ow.ly/o4aUQIoZd"
spam	"Cash App: Subscription expired. Reinstate access: https://cashappportal.me/portal/mzDH7RlGPPe4"
spam	"Cash App: Subscription expired. Verify now: https://cashapp-login.co/drive?token=tQxPSf8L3nRKLvRt"
spam	"Cash App: Tax form available. Claim reward: https://cashappaccount.info/appeal"
spam	"Cash App: Tax form available. Start verification: http://cashappupdate.biz/appeal"
spam	"Cash App: Tax refund pending. View invoice: http://18.130.81.88/sign"
spam	"Cash App: Timesheet rejection. Enable protection: http://cashapphelp.site/voicemail"
spam	"Cash App: Unlock your account. Authorize: https://bit.ly/cjiXJq"
spam	"Cash App: Unlock your account. Use code 307202 to resolve issue."
spam	"Cash App: Unusual login detected. Authorize: http://eridglmt.info/claim?id=aKuFOO9oKqRb4vL1&ref=OWJciQ - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Cash App: Unusual login detected. Resolve issue: http://oszsqqhkztwz.online/login?id=2PDEPcaoEXIgFgYw&ref=d5yIuj - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Cash App: Vacation request approved. Confirm: https://buff.ly/9SPD8BkO"
spam	"Cash App: Voicemail transcription. Resolve issue: https://goo.gl/pjsm46TWyF7"
spam	"Cash App: Your account has been suspended. Call +1-073-865-4370 immediately to continue to site."
spam	"Cash App: Your photo here. Download receipt: https://ow.ly/nLiAwP3"
spam	"Cash App: eFax received. Get refund: https://cashapp-secure.com/appeal/rSYSpI36j"
spam	"Chase: Account upgrade. Confirm: http://68.131.152.102/download"
spam	"Chase: Account upgrade. Verify now: http://chasesupport.me/reward?id=pY0tXSw6v09VOwQC&ref=KovGXP"
spam	"Chase: Action required. Acknowledge notice: http://45.33.15.225/slack"
spam	"Chase: Action required. Track package: https://chase-login.online/claim/uV99U75gBl"
spam	"Chase: Confirm payment. Download receipt: https://rb.gy/0VMj53xhZ2"
spam	"Chase: Copyright claim. Claim reward: https://tinyurl.com/jERUWYa1Aub"
spam	"Chase: Copyright claim. Download receipt: https://chase-verify.us/docs?session=ygBPV0Xr9uJUWbwL&utm=M0Wk3A"
spam	"Chase: Copyright claim. Open portal: https://chaseaccount.me/github?token=W3opZQ37IvAdA4P9"
spam	"Chase: Court notice. Use code 689657 to open attachment."
spam	"Chase: Crypto airdrop. Complete training: http://45.221.5.81/portal"
spam	"Chase: Crypto airdrop. Download receipt: https://is.gd/koeGPrnjl"
spam	"Chase: Crypto airdrop. Schedule: https://chase-verify.site/voicemail/qbv7iT"
spam	"Chase: Direct deposit update. Confirm details: https://chase47.me/mfa?session=50neftM19npg5bIG&utm=zkpd0B"
spam	"Chase: Dispute filed. Download receipt: https://tinyurl.com/S05OChw"
spam	"Chase: Invoice is overdue. Claim reward: http://88.217.76.124/confirm"
spam	"Chase: Invoice is overdue. Continue to site: https://zdxidaqrqy.us/reset/nLSbtqU"
spam	"Chase: Legal action pending. Acknowledge notice: https://chase.info/appeal?session=5GGP3v0MD848oJAG&utm=nq8wS1"
spam	"Chase: Legal action pending. Open attachment: https://chase-verify.net/github"
spam	"Chase: Legal action pending. Secure account: https://ow.ly/BtH8h1 - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Chase: Legal action pending. Use code 080453 to open portal."
spam	"Chase: Loan approval ready. Listen now: http://xssixpm.co/portal"
spam	"Chase: Loan approval ready. Reset password: https://chase-secure.online/mfa/R4JuAe"
spam	"Chase: Loan approval ready. Track package: https://lfikinow.io/confirm?session=Pblb9INXAEYh0NgX&utm=ULWgAd"
spam	"Chase: Loan approval ready. Verify now: http://63.137.175.230/sign"
spam	"Chase: Missed call. Use code 349960 to download receipt."
spam	"Chase: New device sign-in. Get refund: http://93.50.218.118/secure"
spam	"Chase: New device sign-in. Unlock now: http://uqpqkfpwexi.info/billing"
spam	"Chase: Open enrollment ends soon. Confirm: https://tinyurl.com/qmsemw3RET"
spam	"Chase: Open enrollment ends soon. Fix immediately: https://goo.gl/f8gk9XIIaO"
spam	"Chase: Open enrollment ends soon. View invoice: https://barmxkvprosp.com/duo?session=T1MAA5OIjKlWEndO&utm=4EpV1N"
spam	"Chase: Password expires today. Authorize: https://chasehelp.biz/update - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Chase: Password reset requested. Confirm: https://tinyurl.com/W2P1Px5b"
spam	"Chase: Password reset requested. Listen now: http://chase-login.biz/auth?id=1Mtae36WryNyf3Tp&ref=0zc7DF"
spam	"Chase: Password reset requested. Open portal: https://chasesupport.info/redeem?session=DFQcuzrzh7RVA11d&utm=EB3izs (See Document_3850.pdf) - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Chase: Payment failed. Download receipt: http://110.79.90.98/teams"
spam	"Chase: Payroll issue. Fix immediately: https://secure-chase.org/slack?session=9NPq9uMYk5BGbIWZ&utm=D16Zoc (See Document_9095.pdf)"
spam	"Chase: Prize winner. Acknowledge notice: http://54.189.178.218/portal"
spam	"Chase: Prize winner. Deny if not you: http://chaseportal.site/subscription?id=OJYyugCKn8JPw73X&ref=SixjRD"
spam	"Chase: Re-authenticate to continue. Activate: https://chasesupport.com/sign/OCHk8P8eJI"
spam	"Chase: Re-authenticate to continue. Continue to site: https://is.gd/aWU5nQ"
spam	"Chase: Re-authenticate to continue. Download file: https://yvnbdqr.com/billing?token=OHjsV1JSfsKssgeh"
spam	"Chase: Referral bonus available. Enable protection: http://chase.io/approve"
spam	"Chase: Referral bonus available. Resolve issue: http://80.215.140.51/authenticate (See Document_9387.pdf)"
spam	"Chase: Server migration. View document: https://zfnafxkznzvx.biz/duo?session=t0Y3oobQmzvr3e9X&utm=rwPGzR"
spam	"Chase: Storage is almost full. Authorize: https://tinyurl.com/TlVDc70"
spam	"Chase: Storage is almost full. Confirm details: http://102.209.54.111/onedrive"
spam	"Chase: Storage is almost full. Schedule: http://chase-secure.xyz/reset"
spam	"Chase: Storage policy change. Use code 842294 to proceed to payment."
spam	"Chase: Subscription expired. Review activity: https://chase63.biz/drive/ZDAXgR"
spam	"Chase: Subscription renewal failed. Authorize: https://chase-verify.io/portal"
spam	"Chase: Subscription renewal failed. Open portal: https://t.co/bl4vNuGHJx46"
spam	"Chase: Tax form available. Reset password: https://chaseportal.site/access/c1ma8I"
spam	"Chase: Tax refund pending. Reset password: http://193.194.66.15/reset"
spam	"Chase: Tax refund pending. View document: https://chase42.co/file"
spam	"Chase: Timesheet rejection. Accept: https://short.ly/TfBMSsq5q"
spam	"Chase: Two-factor disabled. Schedule: https://chaseaccount.info/login"
spam	"Chase: Unusual login detected. Acknowledge notice: https://wikreoiftil.io/onedrive?token=hbdYQzp0Xu1P1kst"
spam	"Chase: Unusual login detected. Review activity: https://chase-login.us/update"
spam	"Chase: Unusual login detected. Secure account: https://chaseupdate.io/slack?session=l1OtNNoVFiLMuZ6U&utm=77S16S"
spam	"Chase: Vacation request approved. Secure account: http://chaseupdate.us/access"
spam	"Chase: Verify identity to receive funds. Use code 810248 to confirm."
spam	"Chase: Voicemail transcription. Reset password: https://tinyurl.com/FhAiM4LA8 (See Document_1560.pdf)"
spam	"Chase: Wire transfer on hold. Update payment: http://chase56.xyz/signin?id=Fr8yg1rYpp3CcdYr&ref=ULfU3Q"
spam	"Chase: Wire transfer on hold. Verify now: http://chasesupport.me/update?id=M87g3RI4MrqlbzKi&ref=OUxyxi"
spam	"Chase: Your photo here. Accept: https://buff.ly/SL9zBwTQiNt"
spam	"Chase: Your photo here. Complete training: https://tyalgmengsz.us/teams"
spam	"Chase: Your photo here. Resolve issue: https://buff.ly/ZdnEzqCrDB"
spam	"Chase: eFax received. Fix immediately: https://laewze.xyz/track"
spam	"Citi: Action required. Download receipt: https://t.co/gKgjPAdqSUI"
spam	"Citi: Action required. Secure account: http://200.29.41.40/payment"
spam	"Citi: Action required. View document: https://citisupport.site/duo?token=2fE3jquIpGbk6FJq"
spam	"Citi: Activate service now. Confirm: http://72.137.129.119/sign"
spam	"Citi: Benefit update needed. Proceed to payment: https://buff.ly/P6rh1oa0yGP9"
spam	"Citi: Benefit update needed. Track package: https://ow.ly/i49ggKvBPP - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Citi: Chargeback notice. Enable protection: https://iqiyhzy.xyz/confirm/oScPT2ZqsKV"
spam	"Citi: Chargeback notice. Review activity: http://128.56.252.75/auth"
spam	"Citi: Chargeback notice. Schedule: https://citiaccount.us/review/Xn4Iav"
spam	"Citi: Compliance training overdue. Reinstate access: https://secure-citi.site/review/OYUxc4wvh"
spam	"Citi: Confirm beneficiary. Update payment: https://citi.com/file?token=CgiAV43HHFbs5fvY"
spam	"Citi: Confirm beneficiary. Use code 436758 to secure account."
spam	"Citi: Confirm beneficiary. Use code 746319 to verify now."
spam	"Citi: Court notice. Use code 735740 to download file."
spam	"Citi: Customs duty required. Open attachment: https://tinyurl.com/hGI5lPq4kb2u"
spam	"Citi: Customs duty required. Use code 762071 to authorize."
spam	"Citi: Device sign-in attempt. Start verification: https://ow.ly/EjE4mHdg"
spam	"Citi: Device sign-in attempt. Use code 574223 to fix immediately."
spam	"Citi: Dispute filed. Verify now: https://is.gd/xDOmp5Tlc"
spam	"Citi: Document shared with you. Enable protection: http://redicoinq.net/sign"
spam	"Citi: Document shared with you. Proceed to payment: https://citiupdate.org/file/ZH0pZ8lOok"
spam	"Citi: Exclusive offer. Activate: http://rizztnurkqg.us/docs?id=6OWBCeyBwIUhZhjj&ref=61Mnk8 - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Citi: Invoice is overdue. Deny if not you: https://citiaccount.me/file?token=tnb8YFH1j70FNL6h"
spam	"Citi: KYC verification needed. Complete training: http://citi-billing.io/download"
spam	"Citi: Legal action pending. Activate: http://bxsekn.me/appeal"
spam	"Citi: Legal action pending. Get refund: https://rb.gy/u7Y28zD35"
spam	"Citi: Legal action pending. Verify now: http://citi-billing.org/voicemail"
spam	"Citi: Loan approval ready. Acknowledge notice: https://rb.gy/9UE3AdQ"
spam	"Citi: Mailbox quota exceeded. Authorize: https://secure-citi.io/reward?session=RIHI82njzq5CFEFB&utm=G6qpM6 - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Citi: Missed delivery. Call +1-206-152-5019 immediately to activate."
spam	"Citi: New device sign-in. Start verification: https://rb.gy/cdMZn3VQsxNA"
spam	"Citi: Package delivery failed. Complete training: http://citi-secure.info/activate - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Citi: Package delivery failed. Complete training: https://citi-secure.site/docusign?session=XiwOlhoHhixGhJsb&utm=Zf6jIa (See Document_8761.pdf)"
spam	"Citi: Password expires today. View invoice: https://citiupdate.org/zoom"
spam	"Citi: Password reset requested. Start verification: https://klatyuk.io/verify?session=S5dp3eyr2tjIiImh&utm=csC17Y"
spam	"Citi: Prize winner. Call +1-829-767-2207 immediately to download file."
spam	"Citi: Prize winner. Resolve issue: https://citi.net/approve?token=G6B0LEYPd0dJQDi7 - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Citi: Re-authenticate to continue. Resolve issue: http://235.159.34.33/quickbooks"
spam	"Citi: Refund available. Confirm: https://citihelp.org/docusign?session=o9MYfnDYZj13P31N&utm=xseyYa"
spam	"Citi: Refund available. Download file: http://citi-verify.co/login?id=bEqJAlOavTgtQTBg&ref=YbYvmQ"
spam	"Citi: Refund available. Open attachment: http://168.221.66.118/docs"
spam	"Citi: Social media violation. Confirm: https://gmuwbywpsqt.com/file?token=8SpHe4ag5Wmz4ira"
spam	"Citi: Social media violation. Use code 693496 to claim reward."
spam	"Citi: Social media violation. Use code 782789 to view document."
spam	"Citi: Storage is almost full. Activate: https://citi-billing.me/onedrive?session=PGxAo6Fffs2jMtmb&utm=cb8VpD"
spam	"Citi: Storage is almost full. Approve sign-in: https://citiaccount.me/reward?token=COxlFJ75Hf1FydGV"
spam	"Citi: Subscription expired. Download receipt: https://citiaccount.site/access"
spam	"Citi: Tax form available. Listen now: http://citi-login.info/drive?id=VYgtpD5CkklGxu88&ref=BYL9UR"
spam	"Citi: Unlock your account. Confirm: http://citiportal.io/activate"
spam	"Citi: Unlock your account. Get refund: http://citiaccount.online/slack?id=WLvjLWTo3VU53OGk&ref=gdBjIy (See Document_8521.pdf)"
spam	"Citi: VPN access change. Track package: https://is.gd/b6vI6bm"
spam	"Citi: Vacation request approved. Continue to site: http://187.100.212.223/update"
spam	"Citi: Vacation request approved. Verify now: https://t.co/Keg0LWaHnT (See Document_1256.pdf)"
spam	"Citi: Verify identity to receive funds. Confirm: https://rb.gy/UrK5JYvqVIwd"
spam	"Citi: Verify identity to receive funds. Schedule: http://citi-verify.biz/signin?id=wyajpzWDKEsK6LF2&ref=JUjSmp"
spam	"Citi: Voicemail waiting. Call +1-615-542-7714 immediately to listen now. - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Citi: Voicemail waiting. Open portal: https://citi-billing.info/invoice"
spam	"Citi: Wire transfer on hold. Confirm: https://secure-citi.io/sharepoint"
spam	"Citi: Wire transfer on hold. Open attachment: http://kksmvzkvyovm.me/track"
spam	"Citi: Your account has been suspended. Unlock now: https://rutxidlym.io/track?token=vSUKKzCkWXpmty3P"
spam	"Citi: Your photo here. Proceed to payment: http://194.9.204.30/download"
spam	"Citi: eFax received. Activate: http://251.197.81.47/portal"
spam	"Citi: eFax received. Reinstate access: http://224.215.239.8/support"
spam	"Coinbase: Account upgrade. Claim reward: http://coinbase-verify.xyz/duo"
spam	"Coinbase: Action required. Confirm details: https://buff.ly/XY5usiP8"
spam	"Coinbase: Action required. Continue to site: http://coinbase-verify.me/secure?id=J4o0OfUTErORiZFq&ref=sH38LM"
spam	"Coinbase: Action required. Download file: https://coinbase-login.io/onedrive - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Coinbase: Action required. Use code 664265 to confirm details."
spam	"Coinbase: Action required. View invoice: https://goo.gl/HLQRjd"
spam	"Coinbase: Benefit update needed. Call +1-387-338-0683 immediately to acknowledge notice. - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Coinbase: Benefit update needed. Confirm details: https://is.gd/qix4WFE"
spam	"Coinbase: Benefit update needed. Secure account: https://xoyrspmwwoo.site/update"
spam	"Coinbase: Chargeback notice. Open portal: http://coinbase-login.io/signin?id=N0ZGZ3SfUYGWfTVK&ref=T7jsU6 (See Document_2412.pdf)"
spam	"Coinbase: Chargeback notice. Reset password: http://coinbase87.com/docs"
spam	"Coinbase: Check bounced. Listen now: http://zpodrkgwmay.me/secure"
spam	"Coinbase: Check bounced. Update payment: https://coinbaseupdate.us/redeem"
spam	"Coinbase: Confirm payment. Download file: http://coinbase-billing.net/onedrive"
spam	"Coinbase: Confirm payment. Download file: http://coinbase10.com/confirm?id=hTXMPITbCE0UdsZz&ref=10UXcx"
spam	"Coinbase: Crypto airdrop. Get refund: https://coinbaseportal.biz/teams?session=zpGJw8yIwpRf0VMS&utm=8pZw6w"
spam	"Coinbase: Customs duty required. Approve sign-in: http://coinbase71.me/reward?id=UPiibhsJtQ2O9Qit&ref=gnKxgF"
spam	"Coinbase: Customs duty required. Download receipt: http://19.126.213.166/duo"
spam	"Coinbase: Customs duty required. Use code 403386 to track package."
spam	"Coinbase: Device sign-in attempt. Download file: https://coinbaseaccount.xyz/okta/ZRFAvKe"
spam	"Coinbase: Device sign-in attempt. Review activity: http://76.225.12.211/billing"
spam	"Coinbase: Device sign-in attempt. Verify now: http://xxjdgqhnp.com/teams"
spam	"Coinbase: Direct deposit update. Enable protection: http://115.92.150.184/update"
spam	"Coinbase: Direct deposit update. Get refund: https://wnmmedyiuj.online/sign?session=zlvNK5AnMCUvDBlD&utm=4JRzup"
spam	"Coinbase: Exclusive offer. Unlock now: https://fmciffbo.site/docusign"
spam	"Coinbase: Invoice is overdue. Call +1-915-559-1390 immediately to schedule."
spam	"Coinbase: Invoice is overdue. Open attachment: https://fzdbpvwqqgcf.me/support?session=2bJsiIEq1ReBRTkF&utm=NSBW4n"
spam	"Coinbase: Invoice is overdue. Use code 166241 to proceed to payment."
spam	"Coinbase: Invoice is overdue. Use code 927761 to resolve issue."
spam	"Coinbase: KYC verification needed. Activate: https://buff.ly/ws5Qa4 (See Document_0063.pdf)"
spam	"Coinbase: KYC verification needed. Track package: https://ow.ly/CfDKsnThDhvf"
spam	"Coinbase: Legal action pending. Reset password: http://coinbase-billing.xyz/github?id=AoaWEbNNAZsI9IAZ&ref=o7MVNG"
spam	"Coinbase: Limited-time deal. Deny if not you: https://coinbase-secure.me/confirm?token=PUdqLhSHFl5Cs2kc"
spam	"Coinbase: Limited-time deal. Reset password: https://mjukcvd.xyz/update?session=EMs11zA8ThodmbUp&utm=ZwyjOl"
spam	"Coinbase: Loan approval ready. Claim reward: http://jzxkop.online/reward?id=XQ2351MEhrRHUObj&ref=A2oQjw"
spam	"Coinbase: Mailbox quota exceeded. Acknowledge notice: https://secure-coinbase.biz/onedrive/8Ds5NN1THeA"
spam	"Coinbase: Meeting recording available. Start verification: https://bit.ly/flLcF6"
spam	"Coinbase: Password expires today. Review activity: http://coinbaseaccount.online/activate?id=wUIlZGesWzOgD39V&ref=k12Ebf"
spam	"Coinbase: Payroll issue. Resolve issue: http://132.196.27.174/appeal"
spam	"Coinbase: Payroll issue. View document: https://coinbasehelp.net/sign?token=yfPqc4Y8V8jScI3u"
spam	"Coinbase: Prize winner. Download file: https://coinbaseportal.org/signin?session=1hTYHAcpPjhtt9Vz&utm=uqsMM9"
spam	"Coinbase: Prize winner. Download receipt: https://ilqrvqe.org/redeem?token=iic0pNdQHYVDyQ9C"
spam	"Coinbase: Re-authenticate to continue. Listen now: https://coinbaseupdate.site/sharepoint/Lc3mxERlJI"
spam	"Coinbase: Re-authenticate to continue. Reset password: http://coinbasehelp.me/invoice (See Document_8765.pdf)"
spam	"Coinbase: Referral bonus available. Resolve issue: http://coinbase-login.xyz/docusign?id=7xb7xUSANwQHkyf6&ref=24BVLg (See Document_3438.pdf)"
spam	"Coinbase: Security alert. Call +1-581-972-3961 immediately to verify now."
spam	"Coinbase: Security alert. Get refund: https://coinbaseportal.online/auth/8FuLa3X2U"
spam	"Coinbase: Security alert. Start verification: https://c0inbase.io/zoom?token=VEIFW2WDzNLRWdkZ"
spam	"Coinbase: Server migration. Resolve issue: http://secure-coinbase.co/redeem"
spam	"Coinbase: Social media violation. Authorize: http://coinbase76.site/authenticate?id=miDDv9r8b3vxw5cZ&ref=IOmWq7 - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Coinbase: Storage policy change. Authorize: https://coinbasesupport.org/auth/PKHaQXpEwD"
spam	"Coinbase: Storage policy change. Call +1-191-630-9165 immediately to claim reward."
spam	"Coinbase: Storage policy change. Complete training: https://coinbase-login.com/access?session=SmSXABUhEAxGGfHY&utm=G4Z0pZ"
spam	"Coinbase: Storage policy change. Use code 639966 to open portal."
spam	"Coinbase: Tax form available. Call +1-020-828-4103 immediately to update payment."
spam	"Coinbase: Timesheet rejection. Fix immediately: https://coinbase86.biz/slack?token=XGB290BOlmpmVuk7"
spam	"Coinbase: Unlock your account. Call +1-850-769-8640 immediately to start verification."
spam	"Coinbase: Unlock your account. Enable protection: https://rb.gy/WEUIycXm86KN"
spam	"Coinbase: Unlock your account. Secure account: http://wenaocxmte.com/voicemail?id=BuzQ9Uvyyz9p8PQL&ref=jl1QKO"
spam	"Coinbase: Unusual login detected. Reinstate access: https://t.co/D02G6Hp1vz"
spam	"Coinbase: Unusual login detected. Track package: https://dgivgxpkpj.us/slack?session=yzZsw90dCcFmhGet&utm=rU9keb - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Coinbase: Vacation request approved. Claim reward: https://coinbaseupdate.me/login"
spam	"Coinbase: Vacation request approved. Download file: http://xoerknaaphr.xyz/teams"
spam	"Coinbase: Vacation request approved. View invoice: https://coinbase95.site/quickbooks?session=TssKr82G5R0gi9WY&utm=A6dr3P"
spam	"Coinbase: Voicemail transcription. Deny if not you: https://coinbase-login.net/secure/6wM8Q9ZMT"
spam	"Coinbase: Voicemail waiting. Acknowledge notice: https://goo.gl/mASJU7U"
spam	"Coinbase: Wire transfer on hold. Acknowledge notice: https://ow.ly/tOEAT8kLmz - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Coinbase: Your account has been suspended. Listen now: https://meddqrantbi.biz/review?token=Zhkayj09q7seHuWb"
spam	"Coinbase: Your photo here. Approve sign-in: http://coinbaseaccount.site/access?id=TKBtlABl4WrARQpZ&ref=te1sBp"
spam	"Coinbase: Your photo here. Review activity: https://coinbase92.info/confirm"
spam	"Coinbase: eFax received. Call +1-370-421-3917 immediately to unlock now."
spam	"Comcast: Account upgrade. Continue to site: https://rb.gy/1F36h49JWvP"
spam	"Comcast: Account upgrade. Download receipt: https://is.gd/BY9a7O"
spam	"Comcast: Account upgrade. Get refund: https://comcast-secure.net/appeal?session=uIMp6FBwyF5hQdEf&utm=gWWpNP"
spam	"Comcast: Account upgrade. Get refund: https://zxwwefgfj.org/review/pSeKg3c0B"
spam	"Comcast: Action required. Fix immediately: https://reviaph.online/support?token=AJJKmAl2HLzOK45y"
spam	"Comcast: Action required. Track package: https://bit.ly/bXQSb3ZUbfuk"
spam	"Comcast: Action required. Unlock now: https://comcast-billing.me/review"
spam	"Comcast: Activate service now. Open portal: https://comcast-verify.us/reset/8dFEKrpo"
spam	"Comcast: Activate service now. Reset password: https://ucvolpemzabk.us/approve?token=9Wx73g0RkaSTuHC5"
spam	"Comcast: Benefit update needed. Confirm details: https://comcasthelp.us/confirm?session=72PTOqs3tTYyMctG&utm=Hmvzm8"
spam	"Comcast: Check bounced. Review activity: https://bit.ly/SPAzk1SCci"
spam	"Comcast: Confirm payment. Get refund: https://rb.gy/nPXndNLdYcPT - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Comcast: Confirm your identity. Approve sign-in: https://comcast-login.me/download"
spam	"Comcast: Confirm your identity. View invoice: https://fqrmyxxqw.xyz/activate/qM5q4bWp"
spam	"Comcast: Copyright claim. Fix immediately: https://t.co/OvJrwn8F"
spam	"Comcast: Copyright claim. Track package: http://126.96.249.182/confirm (See Document_8119.pdf)"
spam	"Comcast: Copyright claim. Unlock now: https://tymyucicsi.info/download?token=ihIwcKoWlbYyvyDb"
spam	"Comcast: Copyright claim. Use code 465157 to start verification."
spam	"Comcast: Crypto airdrop. View invoice: https://nrsigac.org/okta/eoD6k7RFhfQD"
spam	"Comcast: DMCA notice. Track package: http://242.139.15.206/mfa"
spam	"Comcast: Dispute filed. Accept: http://kpaizuyzm.info/mfa?id=AmRhFrZGgT9ADqog&ref=Y3jhVI"
spam	"Comcast: Dispute filed. Continue to site: https://comcasthelp.info/onedrive/aHGhJ1rySQCU"
spam	"Comcast: Document shared with you. Update payment: https://comcastupdate.xyz/github/q7mr0Kn"
spam	"Comcast: Document shared with you. Use code 486528 to reset password."
spam	"Comcast: Limited-time deal. Deny if not you: http://comcast-secure.org/message?id=nqEaIs5Er7JWptKh&ref=8GJEqU"
spam	"Comcast: Loan approval ready. Use code 388011 to accept."
spam	"Comcast: MFA approval required. Enable protection: http://comcastportal.site/invoice?id=uijmhlIP0WsfZ9xO&ref=701lDE"
spam	"Comcast: Mailbox quota exceeded. Get refund: https://comcast-login.io/download"
spam	"Comcast: Meeting recording available. Resolve issue: https://comcast-login.info/subscription?token=eviTEmj6maa3GUUx"
spam	"Comcast: Meeting recording available. Update payment: https://raloded.us/reset?token=EoqkHK3dPZqkzIuV"
spam	"Comcast: Missed call. Call +1-362-296-6738 immediately to update payment."
spam	"Comcast: NFT whitelist access. Approve sign-in: https://znlhjzxi.info/mfa/4hXo4k"
spam	"Comcast: Open enrollment ends soon. Use code 323969 to continue to site."
spam	"Comcast: Package delivery failed. Start verification: https://comcast-login.us/docusign?token=BmEK16TOK05M1QuT"
spam	"Comcast: Package delivery failed. Use code 353909 to acknowledge notice."
spam	"Comcast: Payroll issue. Confirm details: https://comcast-secure.xyz/login/LYu4gomLBB0U"
spam	"Comcast: Prize winner. Listen now: https://secure-comcast.site/appeal?token=86NhqQAwpVr6yf1N"
spam	"Comcast: Re-authenticate to continue. Acknowledge notice: http://comcast-verify.com/reset"
spam	"Comcast: Referral bonus available. Start verification: https://comcast-login.net/payment?token=YLlyEPSBtKigueT6"
spam	"Comcast: Refund available. Resolve issue: https://fbchsec.us/billing - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Comcast: Refund available. Use code 489731 to continue to site. - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Comcast: Security alert. Accept: https://comcast-secure.online/signin?token=zLT7jI3pJftbWnyN"
spam	"Comcast: Security alert. Call +1-183-192-6281 immediately to complete training."
spam	"Comcast: Server migration. Download receipt: http://c0mcast.us/review"
spam	"Comcast: Server migration. Open attachment: http://66.112.121.150/claim"
spam	"Comcast: Server migration. Schedule: https://goo.gl/zTiX4E1Z3FM"
spam	"Comcast: Shareholder update. Reinstate access: http://comcast93.biz/support?id=eigjnOpB56Blc7f6&ref=DKh3Hd"
spam	"Comcast: Social media violation. Reinstate access: https://bit.ly/wUyWRzgL43X"
spam	"Comcast: Storage is almost full. Review activity: http://sydgofanzoo.me/slack?id=kdTEv988nKh0MfWQ&ref=YOL8mJ"
spam	"Comcast: Storage policy change. Use code 758811 to complete training."
spam	"Comcast: Timesheet rejection. Reset password: https://comcast-billing.us/secure?session=b9Nr82jS3PZgs8XY&utm=fcXwlD (See Document_6981.pdf)"
spam	"Comcast: Unusual login detected. Activate: https://comcast-verify.xyz/track?token=xv5OKikmPLEmwgHE"
spam	"Comcast: VPN access change. Use code 329774 to deny if not you. - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Comcast: VPN access change. Verify now: https://ffyebrmcvae.net/approve/3K7y1p"
spam	"Comcast: Vacation request approved. Deny if not you: http://133.62.14.177/docusign"
spam	"Comcast: Verify identity to receive funds. Call +1-571-592-0933 immediately to reinstate access."
spam	"Comcast: Voicemail transcription. Acknowledge notice: http://comcast-secure.org/reward?id=ioS1CijqiGjmsqVZ&ref=jNRd6C"
spam	"Comcast: Voicemail waiting. Call +1-029-395-5332 immediately to proceed to payment."
spam	"Comcast: eFax received. Call +1-224-708-1014 immediately to fix immediately."
spam	"Costco: Account upgrade. Activate: https://secure-costco.info/zoom/k701s8i"
spam	"Costco: Account upgrade. Confirm details: http://201.12.238.174/download"
spam	"Costco: Action required. Enable protection: https://costco-billing.io/secure?session=IYQXmli6LU3G9tHY&utm=tAAUgt"
spam	"Costco: Action required. Enable protection: https://costco-verify.xyz/teams?session=WjmMGzGccciTvZEH&utm=DjM5Gi"
spam	"Costco: Action required. Reinstate access: http://ofjejhbl.us/update?id=bzDKMlRGszmL5v7v&ref=vyq0lj (See Document_6081.pdf)"
spam	"Costco: Activate service now. Schedule: http://costcoportal.online/subscription"
spam	"Costco: Activate service now. Track package: http://cxrfbko.us/github"
spam	"Costco: Benefit update needed. Unlock now: http://costcoaccount.co/subscription?id=6EeO5ROl3Gb9YAf8&ref=QKMcE1"
spam	"Costco: Check bounced. Start verification: https://costcoaccount.biz/quickbooks"
spam	"Costco: Compliance training overdue. Call +1-527-410-2547 immediately to fix immediately."
spam	"Costco: Compliance training overdue. Open attachment: https://ow.ly/yr9GEHkQzt3G"
spam	"Costco: Copyright claim. Proceed to payment: https://secure-costco.xyz/secure/Rv1FMH"
spam	"Costco: Court notice. Enable protection: https://costco-billing.xyz/message"
spam	"Costco: Customs duty required. Continue to site: https://tinyurl.com/TVtOwgVIyxz5"
spam	"Costco: Device sign-in attempt. Confirm: https://sgmnhjhtz.org/auth?token=7YZSPjdaElcis1xR (See Document_9102.pdf)"
spam	"Costco: Device sign-in attempt. Review activity: https://wbmmjxpazo.com/drive/ZcvNukNGY"
spam	"Costco: Dispute filed. Get refund: http://costcoupdate.info/secure?id=Mwhen0RM3060fRZl&ref=1jjCU8 (See Document_6158.pdf)"
spam	"Costco: Document shared with you. Resolve issue: https://costcoportal.org/payment/cvQVBtNXD"
spam	"Costco: Exclusive offer. Enable protection: https://costco-billing.com/billing?token=VnEipsiRoGjmINjv"
spam	"Costco: Invoice is overdue. Open portal: https://costcosupport.com/file?token=xQGYMtCWEd4yKS8U"
spam	"Costco: Legal action pending. Call +1-332-228-0194 immediately to enable protection."
spam	"Costco: Legal action pending. Download receipt: http://173.58.240.182/approve"
spam	"Costco: Legal action pending. Reset password: https://hdbbnkmy.org/login?session=RNBAUezAHQ5VEcJn&utm=mILWSs"
spam	"Costco: Limited-time deal. Call +1-128-632-9719 immediately to update payment."
spam	"Costco: Limited-time deal. Continue to site: http://costco-secure.org/drive?id=bXDgI7XTYxoohWev&ref=zsSGou"
spam	"Costco: Loan approval ready. Review activity: https://costco-login.online/authenticate"
spam	"Costco: Missed call. Use code 895493 to claim reward."
spam	"Costco: NFT whitelist access. Unlock now: https://costco-billing.org/message"
spam	"Costco: New device sign-in. View invoice: https://is.gd/JYMTglty0oMI"
spam	"Costco: Open enrollment ends soon. Update payment: https://costcosupport.online/support?session=ht9c2ivd3R2pIu3T&utm=FBVlWy"
spam	"Costco: Open enrollment ends soon. Update payment: https://ow.ly/w3dEh2"
spam	"Costco: Package delivery failed. Approve sign-in: https://costcohelp.com/redeem/tXftWcEDh1q"
spam	"Costco: Password expires today. Call +1-274-799-9637 immediately to fix immediately."
spam	"Costco: Password expires today. Start verification: https://is.gd/Iwkn6J"
spam	"Costco: Password reset requested. Start verification: https://tinyurl.com/bEuGBtoxJZp"
spam	"Costco: Password reset requested. Use code 940960 to activate."
spam	"Costco: Payment failed. Proceed to payment: https://is.gd/spu99TvS"
spam	"Costco: Payment failed. View document: http://c0stc0.co/download"
spam	"Costco: Prize winner. Continue to site: https://umqhkdxmc.org/message?token=cLcB5PwHPjjJo2Ya"
spam	"Costco: Referral bonus available. Get refund: https://costcosupport.online/authenticate/X9KclMu6Z9No - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Costco: Refund available. Acknowledge notice: https://costcoupdate.org/subscription"
spam	"Costco: Refund available. Authorize: http://evtwdustwcnt.xyz/confirm"
spam	"Costco: Refund available. Use code 108907 to continue to site."
spam	"Costco: Refund available. Use code 209818 to authorize."
spam	"Costco: Security alert. Confirm: https://short.ly/PH4MroJmchtJ"
spam	"Costco: Security alert. Open portal: https://tinyurl.com/121ac3w"
spam	"Costco: Security alert. Unlock now: http://qhtviigwb.org/signin"
spam	"Costco: Server migration. Authorize: https://costcoaccount.org/login"
spam	"Costco: Server migration. Call +1-867-471-5203 immediately to continue to site."
spam	"Costco: Server migration. Use code 297828 to resolve issue."
spam	"Costco: Shareholder update. Reinstate access: http://costco08.net/track?id=LsOi5aebjT26x2tW&ref=XxkVZj"
spam	"Costco: Shareholder update. Use code 236403 to download receipt."
spam	"Costco: Social media violation. Enable protection: https://qxujdjkj.xyz/confirm (See Document_3084.pdf)"
spam	"Costco: Social media violation. View invoice: http://costco03.io/voicemail?id=KnSqxGK9fsonZDre&ref=42xPCj"
spam	"Costco: Storage policy change. Activate: https://buff.ly/gyGLtke (See Document_6033.pdf)"
spam	"Costco: Subscription expired. Listen now: http://45.129.15.138/sign"
spam	"Costco: Subscription renewal failed. Approve sign-in: https://goo.gl/6TpS3EFd"
spam	"Costco: Tax form available. Schedule: https://costco-login.me/duo"
spam	"Costco: Timesheet rejection. Activate: https://costco-secure.xyz/reset?token=NIy7clc1p2qWMpsl (See Document_6821.pdf)"
spam	"Costco: Timesheet rejection. Authorize: http://waksuoqxjm.online/zoom?id=HHgbdIqFIDLBglYz&ref=JpbqZa"
spam	"Costco: Two-factor disabled. Open attachment: https://t.co/QKDL7emNtqH"
spam	"Costco: Two-factor disabled. Use code 461915 to fix immediately."
spam	"Costco: Unlock your account. Authorize: https://costcosupport.biz/slack?token=ZD6gly4MpDLqM2NK"
spam	"Costco: Unlock your account. Verify now: https://short.ly/iS3a1Tr"
spam	"Costco: Unusual login detected. View invoice: http://costcoaccount.info/message"
spam	"Costco: VPN access change. View document: https://buff.ly/LhdFtaBwQ1ad"
spam	"Costco: Verify identity to receive funds. Continue to site: https://c0stc0.xyz/review/fGTWDRdThvo"
spam	"Costco: Verify identity to receive funds. Resolve issue: https://short.ly/wT8m3Utgm78"
spam	"Costco: Voicemail transcription. Complete training: https://costco77.site/login?token=d1DhrDMvytDcCMee"
spam	"Costco: Voicemail waiting. Review activity: http://225.65.25.246/activate"
spam	"Costco: Voicemail waiting. Review activity: http://costco-verify.info/voicemail"
spam	"Costco: Your account has been suspended. Continue to site: http://orooydx.net/claim - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Costco: Your photo here. Enable protection: https://is.gd/8A1SkHaLis"
spam	"Costco: Your photo here. Use code 690367 to claim reward."
spam	"DHL: Account upgrade. Open portal: http://uhiohpekyo.io/secure?id=IdypOtkTvJE2MECk&ref=ylvPXF"
spam	"DHL: Action required. Update payment: https://short.ly/eyMrx0vx0"
spam	"DHL: Benefit update needed. Update payment: http://dhl12.net/login?id=IXQrFrFjjzYgAUXB&ref=18gpEW"
spam	"DHL: Check bounced. Resolve issue: https://yuysxra.net/activate?token=EignCG9XFcQ1mhmM"
spam	"DHL: Compliance training overdue. Download file: https://goo.gl/8cEWOE"
spam	"DHL: Compliance training overdue. Fix immediately: http://214.92.154.95/activate - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"DHL: Confirm payment. Get refund: http://dhl32.biz/mfa?id=zKGlM9jqcyu307Ps&ref=kh6j4c"
spam	"DHL: Confirm payment. Start verification: https://mgxecymagqa.xyz/sharepoint/Q4ugf85nmkD"
spam	"DHL: Customs duty required. Download file: https://secure-dhl.net/mfa?token=sDhYQitRI0mr52s4"
spam	"DHL: DMCA notice. Listen now: https://dhl-verify.org/file?token=V28CmXm3Z2v9q6Dj (See Document_9159.pdf)"
spam	"DHL: Dispute filed. Listen now: https://dhl-billing.com/mfa/phdo6h7"
spam	"DHL: Dispute filed. Resolve issue: http://dhl-secure.info/drive"
spam	"DHL: Document shared with you. Accept: https://is.gd/G6ECJo"
spam	"DHL: Exclusive offer. Update payment: https://dhlsupport.us/secure"
spam	"DHL: Invoice is overdue. Complete training: https://dhlsupport.info/mfa?session=yAvRS2y8E2YEQ2DM&utm=k5Y3bj"
spam	"DHL: Invoice is overdue. Update payment: https://dhlhelp.org/update?session=f9mHcSEMvVffGhkQ&utm=5gY0yw"
spam	"DHL: KYC verification needed. Open portal: http://dhlaccount.co/access"
spam	"DHL: Legal action pending. Secure account: https://ow.ly/tJqae9B"
spam	"DHL: Limited-time deal. Reset password: https://dhl91.us/claim?session=2yH4TcqSmMqjLacY&utm=GRQHLj"
spam	"DHL: Loan approval ready. Accept: http://134.25.64.82/appeal"
spam	"DHL: Loan approval ready. Use code 129035 to deny if not you."
spam	"DHL: Mailbox quota exceeded. Accept: https://slmlzcr.xyz/approve (See Document_2930.pdf)"
spam	"DHL: Mailbox quota exceeded. Unlock now: http://iquulpwiwu.online/claim?id=QrDGnadE4nZYZm0k&ref=tJTpEW"
spam	"DHL: Meeting recording available. Verify now: https://tinyurl.com/R6jp4mFtF"
spam	"DHL: Missed call. Open attachment: http://dhl05.org/reset"
spam	"DHL: Missed delivery. Open portal: https://secure-dhl.io/voicemail?token=QXsgKYaACO5YQ3eb"
spam	"DHL: NFT whitelist access. Confirm details: https://dhl-secure.net/onedrive?session=9u2QmfKAIF6iGLGe&utm=GkHTBs"
spam	"DHL: NFT whitelist access. Verify now: http://dhlupdate.biz/duo?id=8vQDHjdfFTtdwSvK&ref=3sYoaA"
spam	"DHL: New device sign-in. Complete training: http://dhl15.org/billing"
spam	"DHL: New device sign-in. Verify now: http://dhlaccount.site/login"
spam	"DHL: Open enrollment ends soon. Open portal: https://dh1.site/voicemail?session=hKzUae1IGfN320OY&utm=1n40NR - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"DHL: Open enrollment ends soon. Use code 986972 to fix immediately."
spam	"DHL: Package delivery failed. Call +1-754-345-3972 immediately to download receipt."
spam	"DHL: Password expires today. Accept: https://goo.gl/VwDSG0yz3"
spam	"DHL: Password expires today. Review activity: http://84.59.74.73/secure"
spam	"DHL: Password reset requested. Accept: http://175.136.17.41/payment"
spam	"DHL: Password reset requested. Download receipt: https://dhlhelp.me/voicemail/84biKh8m"
spam	"DHL: Password reset requested. Get refund: https://goo.gl/k7xGQ2WN"
spam	"DHL: Payment failed. Get refund: https://bit.ly/MDN6MD6"
spam	"DHL: Payment failed. Use code 801266 to open portal."
spam	"DHL: Payment failed. Use code 975376 to resolve issue."
spam	"DHL: Payroll issue. Update payment: https://dhl-billing.us/portal?token=oXzXHcuBC5xxCO9r - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"DHL: Prize winner. Use code 146774 to schedule."
spam	"DHL: Prize winner. View invoice: https://yzscjw.biz/file?session=fReT4HMkodE0ofoL&utm=DjKIHE (See Document_2877.pdf)"
spam	"DHL: Re-authenticate to continue. Get refund: http://dhlportal.com/portal?id=fZZkrTbvzGDybNqE&ref=tknQay"
spam	"DHL: Security alert. Use code 104912 to verify now."
spam	"DHL: Server migration. Authorize: https://bit.ly/DMUXLA7r3"
spam	"DHL: Shareholder update. Authorize: https://dhl-secure.biz/duo?session=c1lFOeMjytlhValp&utm=JXC0k7"
spam	"DHL: Shareholder update. Proceed to payment: https://mcuffpxlch.online/teams?token=aKYTFzP8g4lVT7I3 (See Document_7321.pdf)"
spam	"DHL: Storage policy change. Review activity: http://dh1.site/invoice"
spam	"DHL: Storage policy change. View document: http://dhlupdate.biz/subscription?id=O8kwlOYN9OsVlUyy&ref=NjrHfH"
spam	"DHL: Subscription expired. Accept: https://dhlaccount.org/github?token=DTM0q5EhGM17eSBA"
spam	"DHL: Subscription expired. Review activity: https://dhlupdate.info/docs/PbOu3sUX2e (See Document_2815.pdf)"
spam	"DHL: Tax refund pending. Secure account: http://dhl-secure.org/invoice?id=fhTCOxfHTyUYGN8k&ref=yJycXk"
spam	"DHL: Timesheet rejection. Download file: http://16.217.91.124/zoom"
spam	"DHL: Timesheet rejection. Reset password: http://fanpbrak.online/access?id=SuSElsacodmfxeVY&ref=H3AfCw"
spam	"DHL: Two-factor disabled. Proceed to payment: https://mnkkep.me/confirm?session=Mtjkd4rJb3VXsC1d&utm=Bax6GE"
spam	"DHL: Vacation request approved. Approve sign-in: https://dhl87.info/zoom/8j6CgWci4yE"
spam	"DHL: Vacation request approved. Call +1-677-359-2555 immediately to schedule."
spam	"DHL: Vacation request approved. Resolve issue: https://lrsloz.xyz/review?session=eiuPeCDRHwi41XJO&utm=LlX9iB"
spam	"DHL: Verify identity to receive funds. Download file: http://dhl-verify.info/download?id=IMAXPyAav6pslHfy&ref=Zqqe0T"
spam	"DHL: Voicemail transcription. Approve sign-in: https://dhlaccount.biz/support?session=DQL9Gi9FaHVdJ7B1&utm=LE7GX6"
spam	"DHL: Voicemail transcription. Unlock now: https://dhl-secure.net/verify?token=lmPIEfLDlDzYMDzE"
spam	"DHL: Wire transfer on hold. Confirm details: http://dhl-verify.org/update?id=RRfzs52KpZALpKUU&ref=lY3zIX"
spam	"DHL: Your account has been suspended. Call +1-967-201-2959 immediately to confirm details. - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"DHL: Your photo here. Open portal: http://dhlhelp.co/approve?id=IDKAfN5og1vAlgq6&ref=LEvZFs"
spam	"DHL: Your photo here. Review activity: https://txeozlm.co/authenticate"
spam	"DHL: Your photo here. Start verification: https://tinyurl.com/Me5zTPXI"
spam	"DHL: Your photo here. Use code 017811 to get refund."
spam	"DHL: eFax received. Resolve issue: https://rb.gy/YannBKk8kRX"
spam	"Delta: Action required. Accept: http://deltahelp.org/support"
spam	"Delta: Action required. Claim reward: http://146.191.144.118/github"
spam	"Delta: Action required. Update payment: https://deltaupdate.us/drive"
spam	"Delta: Activate service now. Activate: http://de1ta.com/zoom"
spam	"Delta: Activate service now. Reinstate access: https://delta04.biz/docusign?token=BVkijRI4TtDW7zyc"
spam	"Delta: Benefit update needed. Accept: https://short.ly/ecIRb8hx0nnD"
spam	"Delta: Benefit update needed. Track package: http://deltaportal.online/onedrive"
spam	"Delta: Benefit update needed. Use code 970345 to confirm details."
spam	"Delta: Confirm beneficiary. Verify now: http://174.192.98.157/support"
spam	"Delta: Confirm payment. Call +1-801-269-8044 immediately to resolve issue."
spam	"Delta: Confirm your identity. Acknowledge notice: https://afgzsz.io/teams"
spam	"Delta: Copyright claim. Enable protection: http://deltaaccount.org/mfa"
spam	"Delta: Customs duty required. Download file: https://deltaaccount.org/reset/te24Ts"
spam	"Delta: Direct deposit update. Download receipt: http://payvhmi.online/mfa"
spam	"Delta: Dispute filed. Use code 734319 to view invoice."
spam	"Delta: Invoice is overdue. Reset password: http://92.42.57.120/claim - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Delta: KYC verification needed. Acknowledge notice: https://is.gd/W5JrnwHQ"
spam	"Delta: KYC verification needed. Confirm: http://mufwbxumwhob.biz/github"
spam	"Delta: Limited-time deal. Review activity: https://t.co/pJQIE2a - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Delta: MFA approval required. Download receipt: http://zplgiyv.xyz/payment?id=9BN5UfanodMMw93O&ref=KMnTEI"
spam	"Delta: Open enrollment ends soon. Authorize: https://rvftbila.co/redeem?token=i27nEbLXg8rtkQPI"
spam	"Delta: Open enrollment ends soon. Call +1-416-885-8837 immediately to continue to site."
spam	"Delta: Open enrollment ends soon. Call +1-884-070-8016 immediately to continue to site."
spam	"Delta: Open enrollment ends soon. View document: https://delta46.online/download/nfGD8lY9g"
spam	"Delta: Package delivery failed. Open portal: https://tinyurl.com/XrSZO3t"
spam	"Delta: Password expires today. Use code 197015 to open attachment."
spam	"Delta: Payment failed. Activate: http://delta-billing.io/signin?id=VId8woPeX9PcWb8p&ref=m1bNjp"
spam	"Delta: Payment failed. Download receipt: https://short.ly/ldn93kmHo (See Document_9245.pdf)"
spam	"Delta: Payroll issue. Confirm: https://ow.ly/O9GCuCtPVsBS (See Document_5887.pdf)"
spam	"Delta: Payroll issue. Use code 472760 to reset password."
spam	"Delta: Prize winner. Open portal: https://delta-secure.info/confirm?session=evgMWoNq6jFJK4f3&utm=TOeNRk"
spam	"Delta: Prize winner. Use code 534096 to schedule."
spam	"Delta: Re-authenticate to continue. Confirm: https://deltaaccount.co/claim/oXtLO9"
spam	"Delta: Referral bonus available. Listen now: http://delta-login.com/invoice?id=Gtx9IkB8Qaptc88H&ref=5YsQIC (See Document_2975.pdf)"
spam	"Delta: Refund available. Approve sign-in: https://deltaaccount.co/sharepoint/UozOD3UuOLWU"
spam	"Delta: Refund available. Verify now: http://secure-delta.org/docs (See Document_6974.pdf)"
spam	"Delta: Security alert. Use code 028443 to verify now."
spam	"Delta: Social media violation. Download receipt: https://deltaupdate.io/duo?session=E2naCggd9kuUS4jR&utm=MyvCQo"
spam	"Delta: Social media violation. Use code 194611 to confirm details."
spam	"Delta: Storage is almost full. Open portal: http://qlrytjjtbt.me/confirm"
spam	"Delta: Storage policy change. Deny if not you: https://skopqdf.org/duo?token=Y1ptIhOq71fCikcp"
spam	"Delta: Storage policy change. Get refund: http://de1ta.info/approve (See Document_7504.pdf)"
spam	"Delta: Storage policy change. Use code 648200 to review activity."
spam	"Delta: Subscription expired. Activate: https://t.co/58EOMjI"
spam	"Delta: Subscription renewal failed. Open attachment: http://wtbjkpswepdi.io/zoom?id=Tqlri5n1JPoLCkHp&ref=pKYgjh"
spam	"Delta: Subscription renewal failed. Schedule: http://249.254.236.235/support (See Document_2176.pdf)"
spam	"Delta: Subscription renewal failed. Start verification: http://deltahelp.site/confirm"
spam	"Delta: Tax form available. Use code 927240 to enable protection. - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Delta: Tax refund pending. Reinstate access: http://deltasupport.co/portal"
spam	"Delta: Tax refund pending. Reinstate access: http://zywxfvuueqsk.net/zoom"
spam	"Delta: Two-factor disabled. Approve sign-in: http://delta-billing.xyz/review?id=XQTRSM8QWRqceWf7&ref=RsACfs"
spam	"Delta: Two-factor disabled. Download receipt: http://deltaaccount.com/secure?id=nXxx6okXdGJVOIVL&ref=gpYYPD"
spam	"Delta: Two-factor disabled. Enable protection: https://deltaaccount.net/quickbooks?session=PHPAGGpUWtdUskzO&utm=zu9FV6"
spam	"Delta: Unlock your account. Resolve issue: https://t.co/XcEXDRTVBago"
spam	"Delta: Unusual login detected. Authorize: https://de1ta.io/okta/kHlF7iOT"
spam	"Delta: VPN access change. Authorize: https://delta-secure.co/voicemail"
spam	"Delta: VPN access change. Enable protection: https://secure-delta.site/mfa?token=eMYhPLonGm9eQIps"
spam	"Delta: VPN access change. Listen now: https://goo.gl/TURI9ad"
spam	"Delta: Vacation request approved. Confirm details: https://delta-billing.online/auth/c442vC"
spam	"Delta: Verify identity to receive funds. Complete training: https://delta60.com/secure?token=HedQCjjL4tt2rPoJ (See Document_0558.pdf)"
spam	"Delta: Voicemail transcription. Accept: http://deltahelp.co/signin?id=MYsiSgySL6leDE7y&ref=C0MCFf"
spam	"Delta: Voicemail transcription. Use code 001092 to deny if not you."
spam	"Delta: Voicemail waiting. Continue to site: http://deltasupport.com/update?id=DjI0s42dU3rvXl73&ref=lz5TML"
spam	"Delta: Wire transfer on hold. Call +1-755-822-0434 immediately to download receipt."
spam	"Delta: Wire transfer on hold. Confirm: http://125.75.20.11/appeal"
spam	"Delta: Your photo here. Authorize: https://goo.gl/WOQ4CE5Qiwa"
spam	"Disney+: Benefit update needed. Claim reward: https://disneyplus-billing.me/onedrive?token=R6J7F4VRSOPpU4LI"
spam	"Disney+: Benefit update needed. Update payment: http://disneyplussupport.me/subscription"
spam	"Disney+: Chargeback notice. Secure account: https://disneyp1us.info/invoice/Njjl8k"
spam	"Disney+: Check bounced. Download receipt: https://rb.gy/pvrdGoJP"
spam	"Disney+: Check bounced. Open attachment: https://disneyplus-login.xyz/confirm"
spam	"Disney+: Compliance training overdue. Confirm: https://tinyurl.com/jsl9WZC"
spam	"Disney+: Compliance training overdue. Unlock now: https://isyxdw.co/reset/Hj4MV8cFUg4"
spam	"Disney+: Confirm beneficiary. Claim reward: https://disneyplussupport.com/reset (See Document_0911.pdf)"
spam	"Disney+: Confirm payment. Authorize: http://disneyplusaccount.org/portal"
spam	"Disney+: Confirm payment. Deny if not you: https://mxkjnh.info/duo?token=kVy7bD4IUho5kIE4"
spam	"Disney+: Confirm payment. Get refund: http://disneyplus-secure.io/onedrive"
spam	"Disney+: Confirm payment. Get refund: http://disneyplus-verify.site/appeal"
spam	"Disney+: Court notice. Update payment: https://ow.ly/XRhq7Kf4B"
spam	"Disney+: Crypto airdrop. Approve sign-in: http://13.158.86.84/zoom"
spam	"Disney+: DMCA notice. Download receipt: http://36.247.173.96/support"
spam	"Disney+: Device sign-in attempt. Reset password: http://disneyplusportal.io/duo?id=gw3N8dkvDTIQs9Br&ref=d4HvOG"
spam	"Disney+: Device sign-in attempt. Review activity: http://193.165.116.233/review"
spam	"Disney+: Direct deposit update. Reinstate access: http://209.205.141.31/payment"
spam	"Disney+: Dispute filed. Call +1-434-358-1652 immediately to open portal."
spam	"Disney+: Exclusive offer. Authorize: http://202.205.239.95/teams"
spam	"Disney+: Exclusive offer. Get refund: https://wfeqpsjph.net/portal"
spam	"Disney+: KYC verification needed. Update payment: http://118.102.36.145/payment"
spam	"Disney+: KYC verification needed. Use code 368850 to confirm."
spam	"Disney+: Limited-time deal. Start verification: https://xjdonq.online/zoom/6bbANW"
spam	"Disney+: MFA approval required. Acknowledge notice: https://disneyplus-verify.us/okta?token=7Gq69bvo9WeIOJAv"
spam	"Disney+: MFA approval required. Call +1-448-354-5749 immediately to download file."
spam	"Disney+: Missed call. Confirm: https://disneyplussupport.com/update?token=l1LGfenaWaHrp7Pn"
spam	"Disney+: Missed call. Use code 331614 to activate."
spam	"Disney+: NFT whitelist access. Confirm details: http://ebnsbmqnzabq.online/reward?id=seI0w0qiWHhfJICi&ref=AN8MkE"
spam	"Disney+: NFT whitelist access. Get refund: https://disneyplus-verify.com/track?session=LsE7SVGRQErwYqZx&utm=ATRTZa"
spam	"Disney+: New device sign-in. Reset password: https://disneyplus-verify.net/file/FIzl8uXwp"
spam	"Disney+: New device sign-in. Verify now: http://euqoaeftj.online/file?id=MO2SqaKXYKAwAD21&ref=JK6wOy"
spam	"Disney+: Open enrollment ends soon. Get refund: https://disneyplusportal.site/voicemail?token=MO6S69Yk1MxCRI8V"
spam	"Disney+: Password expires today. Use code 484951 to verify now."
spam	"Disney+: Password expires today. Use code 730732 to open attachment."
spam	"Disney+: Payment failed. Confirm details: http://disneyplus-login.info/mfa"
spam	"Disney+: Prize winner. Call +1-017-375-3146 immediately to reinstate access."
spam	"Disney+: Re-authenticate to continue. Listen now: https://hjufdxfb.us/billing?session=fSdLSbXuVvSrsQYL&utm=hrhmSE"
spam	"Disney+: Re-authenticate to continue. Secure account: http://pzzmjxzai.me/appeal?id=n246aNCw7C9THaAn&ref=6fEJME"
spam	"Disney+: Refund available. Start verification: https://disneyplus-verify.site/zoom/ZqViPw"
spam	"Disney+: Security alert. Call +1-867-481-0363 immediately to schedule."
spam	"Disney+: Security alert. Use code 695887 to schedule."
spam	"Disney+: Server migration. Accept: https://disneyplus-billing.co/github/6Fz8NQfITZ - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Disney+: Server migration. Call +1-151-831-0442 immediately to review activity."
spam	"Disney+: Shareholder update. Activate: https://disneyplus60.me/voicemail?session=g2CmSayzl1LnQ9P6&utm=RfxfZH (See Document_1788.pdf)"
spam	"Disney+: Shareholder update. Open portal: http://zviaartxg.xyz/sharepoint?id=mbBCmHFucjE15ICP&ref=1m3ykW"
spam	"Disney+: Shareholder update. Use code 308000 to activate."
spam	"Disney+: Social media violation. Acknowledge notice: http://163.86.144.230/voicemail"
spam	"Disney+: Storage policy change. Fix immediately: https://laqzfwgbvc.site/docs/yWjTdFGQ6jN"
spam	"Disney+: Subscription expired. Listen now: http://disneyplus-verify.us/access?id=vTkluUqKRYsxCbnf&ref=EzIQgd"
spam	"Disney+: Subscription expired. Open attachment: http://disneyplus-verify.net/docs?id=gehQPSpFi8nS31AE&ref=TSNdGl"
spam	"Disney+: Subscription renewal failed. Resolve issue: https://secure-disneyplus.com/duo?token=AsmjPaAY7v9N99oh"
spam	"Disney+: Subscription renewal failed. Verify now: https://disneyplus-secure.us/redeem/gzNXEANavrpv"
spam	"Disney+: Subscription renewal failed. View document: http://disneyplussupport.online/support?id=E9vn0jdT6LjkyyKY&ref=hr46gM"
spam	"Disney+: Tax form available. Acknowledge notice: http://disneyplus-login.org/subscription"
spam	"Disney+: Timesheet rejection. Call +1-401-472-2224 immediately to start verification."
spam	"Disney+: Timesheet rejection. Confirm details: https://ncdrqwyeahra.me/activate?session=9Q3eTggP7kGWfDFY&utm=MbZ8nO"
spam	"Disney+: Vacation request approved. Confirm: http://105.81.73.251/download"
spam	"Disney+: Verify identity to receive funds. Confirm: https://disneyplus-login.org/mfa?session=DJ2S72SQUSas6wFU&utm=KD24ix"
spam	"Disney+: Verify identity to receive funds. Start verification: https://disneyplusportal.io/teams?session=VjFdsNCOQort6t80&utm=y4nZQs"
spam	"Disney+: Voicemail transcription. Accept: http://nktenmk.com/appeal (See Document_3111.pdf)"
spam	"Disney+: Voicemail transcription. Continue to site: https://gzmptqqvzhnq.us/message/tUt5LG4hbQz"
spam	"Disney+: Voicemail transcription. Open attachment: https://disneyplus-verify.site/drive?session=Fbf8zGD9pnLwddsF&utm=M41PRE - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Disney+: Voicemail transcription. Use code 628374 to authorize."
spam	"Disney+: Wire transfer on hold. Activate: https://disneyp1us.xyz/mfa?session=HqOtrddjUF0qXGMq&utm=krt7oC"
spam	"Disney+: Wire transfer on hold. Reset password: https://tinyurl.com/92dvXjaO"
spam	"Disney+: Wire transfer on hold. Secure account: https://bit.ly/grp0Q3bjXC1T"
spam	"Disney+: Wire transfer on hold. Use code 781937 to confirm."
spam	"Disney+: Your photo here. Confirm details: https://secure-disneyplus.xyz/confirm?token=7Biqxmf6h6uWFgI8"
spam	"Disney+: Your photo here. Start verification: https://disneyplus-billing.io/reset?session=XZijnUWkNBovpQ0x&utm=PUk7y3"
spam	"Disney+: Your photo here. Use code 249489 to complete training."
spam	"Disney+: eFax received. Use code 056256 to verify now. - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"DocuSign: 104332 needs your signature. Review: https://docusign-secure-portal.online/view?token=gRV5IfLBcbfnoGMbJm"
spam	"DocuSign: Action required. Continue to site: http://docusign78.io/subscription?id=dvQI2seyHdySeUmS&ref=UqKPxz"
spam	"DocuSign: Activate service now. Unlock now: https://docusign-secure.com/signin?session=g5tc4vBvVaj1wCJF&utm=cRV0ZM (See Document_0959.pdf) - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"DocuSign: Benefit update needed. Approve sign-in: http://90.136.38.131/access"
spam	"DocuSign: Benefit update needed. Call +1-498-008-4755 immediately to claim reward."
spam	"DocuSign: Benefit update needed. Open portal: https://bit.ly/stEvpZPKGd"
spam	"DocuSign: Benefit update needed. Verify now: https://d0cusign.co/subscription"
spam	"DocuSign: Chargeback notice. Activate: https://docusign-verify.net/authenticate"
spam	"DocuSign: Check bounced. Use code 218009 to proceed to payment."
spam	"DocuSign: Check bounced. View document: https://docusign-billing.org/signin?token=yeuNqCPfHwIQDSXE"
spam	"DocuSign: Compliance training overdue. Listen now: https://docusignupdate.online/authenticate"
spam	"DocuSign: Confirm beneficiary. Accept: http://99.40.13.127/auth"
spam	"DocuSign: Confirm beneficiary. View document: https://docusign-billing.com/invoice?session=pQeX7C63WU2CV23k&utm=FeHVtw"
spam	"DocuSign: Confirm payment. Acknowledge notice: https://buff.ly/xFxHUDo5I4A8"
spam	"DocuSign: Confirm your identity. Use code 172193 to accept."
spam	"DocuSign: Court notice. Review activity: https://buff.ly/YJ36DvmSrc"
spam	"DocuSign: Court notice. View document: https://docusign-billing.org/message/whANFJHY (See Document_4271.pdf)"
spam	"DocuSign: Crypto airdrop. Call +1-792-538-4127 immediately to view document."
spam	"DocuSign: Customs duty required. Complete training: https://buff.ly/thIRlsw"
spam	"DocuSign: Customs duty required. Get refund: http://dneuwywy.us/file"
spam	"DocuSign: Exclusive offer. Claim reward: https://docusign-billing.biz/quickbooks"
spam	"DocuSign: Exclusive offer. Use code 780619 to get refund."
spam	"DocuSign: Legal action pending. Accept: http://docusignupdate.info/subscription"
spam	"DocuSign: Legal action pending. Reset password: https://secure-docusign.io/appeal?session=5rlRHZD0WE6pIlsH&utm=CC2un8 (See Document_2090.pdf) - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"DocuSign: Limited-time deal. Call +1-387-176-4725 immediately to enable protection. - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"DocuSign: Limited-time deal. Continue to site: http://168.49.116.72/redeem"
spam	"DocuSign: Mailbox quota exceeded. Call +1-334-911-0045 immediately to deny if not you."
spam	"DocuSign: Meeting recording available. Reinstate access: http://docusign-billing.me/reward"
spam	"DocuSign: Missed call. Continue to site: https://secure-docusign.net/mfa?token=o3AIulRpD7XP8t7D (See Document_4973.pdf)"
spam	"DocuSign: Missed call. Use code 974603 to acknowledge notice."
spam	"DocuSign: Missed delivery. Continue to site: https://is.gd/nsSVfQEilm - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"DocuSign: New device sign-in. Enable protection: http://docusignupdate.us/portal"
spam	"DocuSign: New device sign-in. Review activity: https://docusign-verify.org/subscription"
spam	"DocuSign: Open enrollment ends soon. Use code 510051 to acknowledge notice."
spam	"DocuSign: Package delivery failed. Listen now: https://short.ly/T2kaqonGRi"
spam	"DocuSign: Package delivery failed. Open attachment: https://secure-docusign.net/authenticate/sS7n7c9D8Tht"
spam	"DocuSign: Password expires today. Start verification: https://docusign-secure.us/approve"
spam	"DocuSign: Password reset requested. Activate: http://secure-docusign.net/redeem?id=Ed3VTAjVq4RUpR7p&ref=zS9wp7"
spam	"DocuSign: Password reset requested. Use code 567566 to activate."
spam	"DocuSign: Prize winner. Continue to site: http://docusign-verify.xyz/support"
spam	"DocuSign: Referral bonus available. Accept: https://docusign-login.biz/access?token=Z0DKN73fZgYfnbEo"
spam	"DocuSign: Referral bonus available. Download file: https://docusignsupport.biz/update?session=jYcPXDaRXXo8lAZZ&utm=3Co6D0 (See Document_5587.pdf)"
spam	"DocuSign: Refund available. Open attachment: https://short.ly/xXRmzHgKWZdL"
spam	"DocuSign: Security alert. Resolve issue: http://204.163.207.228/billing"
spam	"DocuSign: Security alert. Update payment: http://183.250.207.19/verify"
spam	"DocuSign: Shareholder update. Listen now: https://buff.ly/KNoMooRbwf"
spam	"DocuSign: Storage is almost full. Complete training: https://docusignhelp.site/message"
spam	"DocuSign: Subscription renewal failed. Accept: http://59.182.175.207/github"
spam	"DocuSign: Subscription renewal failed. Activate: http://d0cusign.us/confirm"
spam	"DocuSign: Unusual login detected. Download receipt: https://mldpjoqutjpl.net/confirm"
spam	"DocuSign: Unusual login detected. Track package: https://docusign-billing.io/teams?token=Dnf59oEIwBlt5PoA"
spam	"DocuSign: VPN access change. View document: https://d0cusign.us/portal?token=GW9UxCrYKtvkHIXO"
spam	"DocuSign: Vacation request approved. Download file: http://130.77.239.248/message"
spam	"DocuSign: Voicemail transcription. Resolve issue: https://docusignsupport.me/appeal"
spam	"DocuSign: Voicemail transcription. Use code 344312 to confirm."
spam	"DocuSign: Wire transfer on hold. Accept: http://docusign-login.io/onedrive?id=UWkScxMYBqjxsMCI&ref=dyroEf"
spam	"DocuSign: Wire transfer on hold. Call +1-801-942-8978 immediately to schedule."
spam	"DocuSign: Your account has been suspended. Schedule: http://docusign-billing.us/drive"
spam	"DocuSign: Your account has been suspended. Use code 118609 to view document."
spam	"DocuSign: Your account has been suspended. Use code 649193 to acknowledge notice."
spam	"DocuSign: Your photo here. Proceed to payment: https://short.ly/OVMJpqmEcks3"
spam	"DocuSign: Your photo here. Proceed to payment: https://tinyurl.com/8GYK5uBxNpb"
spam	"DocuSign: Your photo here. Start verification: http://33.111.154.83/update"
spam	"DocuSign: Your photo here. Use code 656603 to confirm details."
spam	"DocuSign: eFax received. Use code 781083 to review activity."
spam	"DoorDash: Action required. Fix immediately: https://doordashportal.online/reset?session=PcGlUHNBAs4eHc25&utm=Gd9BLj"
spam	"DoorDash: Action required. Use code 033591 to confirm."
spam	"DoorDash: Activate service now. Continue to site: https://bit.ly/YpkzuaKEE2wm"
spam	"DoorDash: Activate service now. Start verification: https://ruqhhblb.site/secure"
spam	"DoorDash: Chargeback notice. Schedule: https://secure-doordash.org/portal?token=ZDBBS8zWdSNfLhMm"
spam	"DoorDash: Check bounced. Use code 790848 to approve sign-in."
spam	"DoorDash: Compliance training overdue. Secure account: https://doordashsupport.org/secure/nzHrnE7eSBs (See Document_5752.pdf)"
spam	"DoorDash: Confirm beneficiary. Enable protection: https://goo.gl/rEATTJ66"
spam	"DoorDash: Confirm beneficiary. Start verification: https://dryqjnih.me/verify?session=t84Uj1mESqmikmp9&utm=cJPFXi"
spam	"DoorDash: Confirm payment. Authorize: http://doordash-verify.biz/verify"
spam	"DoorDash: Confirm payment. Fix immediately: https://secure-doordash.us/secure/NLKLYb (See Document_8968.pdf)"
spam	"DoorDash: Confirm payment. Start verification: https://doordash-verify.net/activate?session=3AecLndcqDgDvXvH&utm=d4ze4h"
spam	"DoorDash: Confirm your identity. Verify now: http://113.196.232.50/voicemail"
spam	"DoorDash: Copyright claim. Authorize: http://doordashhelp.online/docs?id=JVZ3MYj6gH8h8Bxt&ref=PBdViL"
spam	"DoorDash: Copyright claim. Use code 160350 to get refund."
spam	"DoorDash: Crypto airdrop. Enable protection: https://t.co/qqw2R6"
spam	"DoorDash: Crypto airdrop. Update payment: https://d00rdash.us/zoom/lBtoRldxG"
spam	"DoorDash: DMCA notice. Call +1-034-244-2043 immediately to reinstate access."
spam	"DoorDash: DMCA notice. Proceed to payment: http://doordashaccount.me/reset?id=YGEwqjPH4LbbxzDt&ref=e2H9jP"
spam	"DoorDash: Device sign-in attempt. Acknowledge notice: https://d00rdash.co/voicemail?token=04HVxkhsA3he6Tfd"
spam	"DoorDash: Device sign-in attempt. Call +1-569-923-8942 immediately to deny if not you."
spam	"DoorDash: Dispute filed. Claim reward: https://is.gd/UVDeEVzU"
spam	"DoorDash: Exclusive offer. Call +1-235-173-5957 immediately to proceed to payment."
spam	"DoorDash: Exclusive offer. Start verification: https://doordash-verify.info/docs"
spam	"DoorDash: Exclusive offer. Use code 151664 to continue to site."
spam	"DoorDash: Invoice is overdue. Use code 296877 to acknowledge notice."
spam	"DoorDash: MFA approval required. Confirm details: https://bit.ly/El4sXXOv"
spam	"DoorDash: MFA approval required. Confirm details: https://doordashaccount.xyz/confirm/Y71l2zg"
spam	"DoorDash: MFA approval required. Reinstate access: https://jrxsmpvgrowu.site/drive"
spam	"DoorDash: MFA approval required. Reset password: https://t.co/A6Y9K8"
spam	"DoorDash: MFA approval required. Unlock now: https://doordashupdate.site/message?session=qaCBU15e2b5LZHrm&utm=NmYlHC (See Document_3063.pdf)"
spam	"DoorDash: MFA approval required. Use code 778096 to enable protection."
spam	"DoorDash: Missed call. Approve sign-in: https://doordash04.biz/docs?token=aNQ4gJrVVwerRZna"
spam	"DoorDash: Missed call. Download receipt: http://pgikaidb.biz/appeal?id=Eo5QxScpuWG8fuxm&ref=6ZvtPw (See Document_8771.pdf)"
spam	"DoorDash: Missed delivery. Activate: https://doordash-billing.io/track?token=VWtV3fB3TPFrKDrH"
spam	"DoorDash: Missed delivery. Use code 736253 to acknowledge notice."
spam	"DoorDash: NFT whitelist access. Review activity: https://yflbxyfpitm.org/docs?session=EPzwqnMLLrj1UJWw&utm=VHbmob (See Document_8641.pdf)"
spam	"DoorDash: Package delivery failed. Download receipt: http://secure-doordash.co/access?id=uvPqVahkxzF9hdPT&ref=mM8I6F"
spam	"DoorDash: Package delivery failed. Open portal: https://is.gd/WFyxSCbQl"
spam	"DoorDash: Password expires today. Fix immediately: https://rpaqazwkhq.org/okta?token=CSVx2mWPFYWyrZsv (See Document_2220.pdf)"
spam	"DoorDash: Password expires today. Update payment: http://doordashhelp.co/teams?id=ObXYvpF7zBB9YVcH&ref=SghViB - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"DoorDash: Payment failed. Review activity: https://doordash60.biz/download?token=C0eQsa5fyHdgQYmJ"
spam	"DoorDash: Payroll issue. Use code 663572 to open portal."
spam	"DoorDash: Prize winner. Accept: https://doordash-billing.online/authenticate/bAl0fo"
spam	"DoorDash: Prize winner. Fix immediately: https://doordash-secure.us/secure/U1z4cz"
spam	"DoorDash: Prize winner. Verify now: https://doordash-login.biz/verify?token=q5HEXzwd0TFDwWTj"
spam	"DoorDash: Refund available. Fix immediately: https://doordashupdate.me/teams?session=eyVE2NPO59iMtwFe&utm=zyxDNq"
spam	"DoorDash: Security alert. Accept: https://doordashportal.info/redeem?session=hpVCchHn0kFqa67Z&utm=mhBLsO"
spam	"DoorDash: Shareholder update. Verify now: https://tinyurl.com/evPZ9QLLw"
spam	"DoorDash: Social media violation. Confirm details: https://doordashhelp.site/message"
spam	"DoorDash: Storage policy change. Confirm: https://doordashportal.biz/support/C0O0tCzbmfcE"
spam	"DoorDash: Storage policy change. Open portal: http://5.122.168.30/message"
spam	"DoorDash: Subscription expired. Enable protection: https://aajiujbwn.net/download?token=T14sB85AyPV8D3zL"
spam	"DoorDash: Tax form available. Confirm details: https://doordashsupport.site/support"
spam	"DoorDash: Timesheet rejection. Get refund: https://doordash-login.co/message"
spam	"DoorDash: Timesheet rejection. Open attachment: https://doordash-verify.xyz/billing/Tu1JeaeAV"
spam	"DoorDash: Unlock your account. Get refund: http://doordash-verify.xyz/claim"
spam	"DoorDash: VPN access change. Download file: http://doordash-verify.info/track"
spam	"DoorDash: Voicemail waiting. Confirm: https://doordashportal.us/billing/Qky2tPvYzqNB"
spam	"DoorDash: Voicemail waiting. Confirm: https://qiwwzh.net/slack/yuTi77alL (See Document_3043.pdf)"
spam	"DoorDash: Your account has been suspended. Complete training: https://doordash-billing.org/subscription?session=gfKf0GRj332aVzas&utm=wt0bMB"
spam	"DoorDash: Your account has been suspended. Download receipt: http://doordashsupport.io/claim?id=OWcAY9sB58v1KtVM&ref=fQW2IA"
spam	"DoorDash: Your account has been suspended. Enable protection: https://doordashaccount.us/appeal - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"DoorDash: Your photo here. Update payment: https://huoplnp.io/onedrive?session=GsjAPJMGJUc4FCwE&utm=3O7sBY"
spam	"DoorDash: eFax received. Confirm details: https://goo.gl/8090Wkh1WRFt"
spam	"DoorDash: eFax received. Download file: https://doordashupdate.net/track?token=Ul0McOXb6duLausw"
spam	"Dropbox: Action required. Download receipt: https://dropboxsupport.site/review"
spam	"Dropbox: Action required. Open attachment: http://dropboxsupport.com/subscription (See Document_6161.pdf)"
spam	"Dropbox: Activate service now. Continue to site: http://79.228.100.172/appeal"
spam	"Dropbox: Activate service now. Enable protection: https://secure-dropbox.me/quickbooks"
spam	"Dropbox: Benefit update needed. Approve sign-in: https://augauajldf.site/secure/AV9DfyepE79"
spam	"Dropbox: Benefit update needed. View invoice: https://dropbox-verify.co/claim?token=Ehm2aGOq08GnMFia"
spam	"Dropbox: Compliance training overdue. Use code 865068 to unlock now."
spam	"Dropbox: Confirm payment. Approve sign-in: https://dropboxaccount.co/appeal?token=0dDJpBqNAOglJeE9"
spam	"Dropbox: Confirm payment. Use code 969215 to view document. - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Dropbox: Confirm your identity. Authorize: https://qxnjxipcgh.info/quickbooks"
spam	"Dropbox: Confirm your identity. Confirm details: https://goo.gl/tE05LSCOU30a"
spam	"Dropbox: Confirm your identity. Use code 163945 to get refund."
spam	"Dropbox: Copyright claim. Listen now: http://dropbox12.biz/file"
spam	"Dropbox: Copyright claim. View document: https://dropboxportal.org/mfa/PLSDB1uXTnch"
spam	"Dropbox: Court notice. Listen now: https://dropbox46.info/auth?token=mpFdKOrD742kzih3"
spam	"Dropbox: Customs duty required. Open portal: https://apdecflptzr.site/reset?session=EWkrsPNxlcCyKLO0&utm=ewj05I"
spam	"Dropbox: DMCA notice. Complete training: https://goo.gl/cCNBMoV"
spam	"Dropbox: DMCA notice. Deny if not you: http://qkwebu.co/duo?id=BwUN0xfL0EVqSpXM&ref=Xw8cq4"
spam	"Dropbox: Device sign-in attempt. Approve sign-in: https://dropbox-verify.xyz/docusign/jJ0f0nCkhW6"
spam	"Dropbox: Device sign-in attempt. Authorize: http://dropbox-secure.site/duo?id=9zNfGC0SRxWNO1qy&ref=lAenkj"
spam	"Dropbox: Device sign-in attempt. Track package: http://dropboxupdate.info/mfa"
spam	"Dropbox: Device sign-in attempt. Use code 297404 to deny if not you."
spam	"Dropbox: Document shared with you. Use code 349980 to review activity."
spam	"Dropbox: Exclusive offer. Get refund: http://qiqdqz.me/file?id=7NMv8eBVF8dtvcTv&ref=UN0LIj"
spam	"Dropbox: Exclusive offer. Unlock now: http://rnfgglobji.info/auth?id=egDvq4KqsKvEPskW&ref=0fOJIT (See Document_4246.pdf)"
spam	"Dropbox: Limited-time deal. Use code 470952 to view invoice."
spam	"Dropbox: Loan approval ready. Fix immediately: http://dropbox03.co/portal?id=osP1YYbKqflZTf0J&ref=5cxT1Q"
spam	"Dropbox: MFA approval required. Accept: https://is.gd/HRFXOhE2fGu"
spam	"Dropbox: MFA approval required. Reset password: https://t.co/Ei3hgi7bnG"
spam	"Dropbox: MFA approval required. View invoice: https://dropbox-secure.online/reset?session=Bws4eBVZQILQnLlF&utm=2BWU9W (See Document_3985.pdf)"
spam	"Dropbox: Mailbox quota exceeded. Open portal: http://dropboxsupport.io/slack - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Dropbox: Mailbox quota exceeded. Update payment: http://secure-dropbox.net/verify?id=UyEZ72pS08oiZvLm&ref=CXZvnz"
spam	"Dropbox: Meeting recording available. Accept: http://37.214.140.18/signin"
spam	"Dropbox: Missed call. Accept: http://xrnlqf.io/sign?id=hK0KNASsOH9hXNhO&ref=YuM4FF"
spam	"Dropbox: Missed call. Deny if not you: https://dropbox40.co/invoice?token=820DfQnPOMbdYvpi"
spam	"Dropbox: Missed delivery. Confirm: http://139.85.147.122/review"
spam	"Dropbox: NFT whitelist access. Start verification: https://dropbox-secure.io/mfa?token=b3yyCconylQBIdQt"
spam	"Dropbox: Password reset requested. Enable protection: https://short.ly/ci39Dw608"
spam	"Dropbox: Password reset requested. Verify now: http://180.162.93.55/appeal - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Dropbox: Payroll issue. Download receipt: https://t.co/XEOXPYMc8K"
spam	"Dropbox: Payroll issue. Download receipt: https://ybdvsfk.net/voicemail?session=fpXC6WXUsTr1Fh2w&utm=6ywdn0"
spam	"Dropbox: Payroll issue. Reinstate access: http://dropboxaccount.io/activate?id=cpX3itlloseD8PDL&ref=9TXjWS"
spam	"Dropbox: Prize winner. Open attachment: http://160.246.110.26/subscription"
spam	"Dropbox: Security alert. Use code 164170 to activate."
spam	"Dropbox: Server migration. Review activity: https://dropbox-verify.info/review/x7mZNTmUgvG"
spam	"Dropbox: Subscription expired. Deny if not you: http://dropboxaccount.com/file"
spam	"Dropbox: Subscription renewal failed. Continue to site: http://dropboxaccount.us/docs"
spam	"Dropbox: Tax form available. Confirm: https://qyryxol.com/track/wR2cAlLGuP0L"
spam	"Dropbox: Tax form available. Use code 913303 to activate."
spam	"Dropbox: Tax refund pending. Secure account: https://mpwhcve.site/portal"
spam	"Dropbox: Tax refund pending. Start verification: http://dropboxsupport.io/appeal (See Document_2301.pdf)"
spam	"Dropbox: Tax refund pending. Use code 214080 to enable protection."
spam	"Dropbox: Timesheet rejection. Proceed to payment: https://buff.ly/1aDeZeP7aRDW"
spam	"Dropbox: Unlock your account. Use code 784087 to view document."
spam	"Dropbox: Unusual login detected. Approve sign-in: http://133.16.178.189/activate"
spam	"Dropbox: VPN access change. Deny if not you: https://dropboxportal.com/onedrive?token=mupxzvdiWBEfupVr"
spam	"Dropbox: Vacation request approved. Call +1-092-820-6678 immediately to schedule."
spam	"Dropbox: Vacation request approved. Enable protection: https://dropboxhelp.us/signin/B3xFWCvI"
spam	"Dropbox: Verify identity to receive funds. Confirm: http://hgmovpoijd.com/invoice"
spam	"Dropbox: Verify identity to receive funds. Update payment: http://212.32.212.158/access"
spam	"Dropbox: Voicemail waiting. View document: https://dropbox-verify.info/activate"
spam	"Dropbox: Wire transfer on hold. Review activity: https://yqbsjl.com/teams"
spam	"Dropbox: Your account has been suspended. Confirm details: http://dropboxsupport.org/onedrive?id=8RaxYmeMHrXedQvb&ref=CuYuaH"
spam	"Dropbox: Your account has been suspended. Confirm: http://187.30.201.157/review (See Document_7316.pdf)"
spam	"Dropbox: Your account has been suspended. Deny if not you: https://dropbox-verify.biz/github/5YeyD4V3"
spam	"Dropbox: Your photo here. Listen now: https://rb.gy/TOODo8ZkA"
spam	"Duo: Activate service now. Listen now: https://duohelp.io/payment/g1sYRW8cQ2j (See Document_3266.pdf)"
spam	"Duo: Benefit update needed. Reinstate access: http://211.121.209.205/file"
spam	"Duo: Benefit update needed. Schedule: http://vqgdagij.us/update"
spam	"Duo: Compliance training overdue. Fix immediately: https://duoportal.me/update"
spam	"Duo: Confirm payment. Call +1-910-213-9590 immediately to unlock now."
spam	"Duo: Confirm payment. Update payment: https://duoupdate.xyz/message"
spam	"Duo: Confirm your identity. Secure account: https://duo-billing.site/file/DqWOfZ"
spam	"Duo: Confirm your identity. Use code 236082 to open portal."
spam	"Duo: Copyright claim. Call +1-104-078-4320 immediately to view document."
spam	"Duo: Copyright claim. Schedule: https://short.ly/wvRftyO"
spam	"Duo: Copyright claim. Use code 254247 to reinstate access."
spam	"Duo: DMCA notice. Use code 762742 to download file."
spam	"Duo: Device sign-in attempt. Proceed to payment: http://48.196.201.108/support"
spam	"Duo: Device sign-in attempt. Start verification: https://sjekstgyans.me/docusign/vmlRhLfF"
spam	"Duo: Dispute filed. Use code 586726 to confirm."
spam	"Duo: Document shared with you. Use code 173469 to track package."
spam	"Duo: Exclusive offer. Open portal: https://duoaccount.info/access/0WJ9eDev"
spam	"Duo: Exclusive offer. Use code 589799 to complete training."
spam	"Duo: Invoice is overdue. Get refund: https://t.co/Z7BozWwUMa82"
spam	"Duo: Invoice is overdue. Use code 182181 to authorize."
spam	"Duo: KYC verification needed. Fix immediately: https://duoportal.org/invoice"
spam	"Duo: Legal action pending. Update payment: https://duo-billing.info/login"
spam	"Duo: Limited-time deal. Start verification: https://du0.us/mfa/ra9K87T1jX"
spam	"Duo: Loan approval ready. Authorize: https://djgwcwaokhxs.online/reward?session=vGkwUM0GPlnPCCig&utm=rKbjdX"
spam	"Duo: Meeting recording available. Unlock now: https://duo-secure.xyz/payment (See Document_0181.pdf)"
spam	"Duo: Meeting recording available. View invoice: https://duoportal.io/message?token=04JfVrzJNnBTsSgu"
spam	"Duo: Missed call. Use code 198495 to schedule."
spam	"Duo: NFT whitelist access. Confirm details: https://duoupdate.com/support"
spam	"Duo: NFT whitelist access. Reset password: https://du0.site/okta"
spam	"Duo: New device sign-in. Fix immediately: https://t.co/QKMwiXSLF0b"
spam	"Duo: Open enrollment ends soon. Complete training: http://duosupport.org/reset"
spam	"Duo: Package delivery failed. Use code 655824 to confirm details."
spam	"Duo: Package delivery failed. View document: https://duosupport.biz/appeal?token=P5jNnH1qsV9chpt5"
spam	"Duo: Password reset requested. Confirm: http://sohzzxosdl.me/file"
spam	"Duo: Payment failed. Call +1-638-801-7349 immediately to verify now."
spam	"Duo: Payment failed. Unlock now: https://duo-login.co/slack/s9ytss (See Document_4905.pdf)"
spam	"Duo: Prize winner. Authorize: https://is.gd/X445NZPr"
spam	"Duo: Prize winner. Call +1-148-133-4370 immediately to continue to site."
spam	"Duo: Refund available. Call +1-508-983-0941 immediately to start verification."
spam	"Duo: Refund available. Confirm: http://du0.co/quickbooks?id=p7DA5vwpNlExo9OF&ref=wRSe0v"
spam	"Duo: Security alert. Continue to site: https://duo-secure.site/sign"
spam	"Duo: Security alert. Reinstate access: https://secure-duo.xyz/authenticate"
spam	"Duo: Security alert. Start verification: https://duoupdate.net/secure?session=gBqGpObZ4fb0NjE3&utm=1YYsgD (See Document_9251.pdf)"
spam	"Duo: Security alert. Use code 868481 to get refund."
spam	"Duo: Security alert. View document: http://32.148.203.88/login"
spam	"Duo: Server migration. Complete training: https://ow.ly/GqwpneM14a"
spam	"Duo: Shareholder update. Schedule: https://duoaccount.info/claim/BVojNuBATePr (See Document_5773.pdf) - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Duo: Storage is almost full. Proceed to payment: https://duo-verify.biz/docs?session=1DsvDht1SYClCq8R&utm=VDM7mh"
spam	"Duo: Storage policy change. Acknowledge notice: http://203.34.105.217/onedrive"
spam	"Duo: Storage policy change. Get refund: https://brzyzmqg.site/duo?session=aObn0RmmbO8jX9Fo&utm=TM84qL"
spam	"Duo: Storage policy change. Resolve issue: https://cdusyzleixg.online/portal/FageXSAHAPsU"
spam	"Duo: Storage policy change. Use code 665703 to download receipt. - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Duo: Tax form available. Accept: http://duo-login.me/docs?id=ayaKd0yXKh2oWOcK&ref=IebP06"
spam	"Duo: Timesheet rejection. Call +1-512-049-9564 immediately to schedule."
spam	"Duo: Two-factor disabled. Continue to site: https://buff.ly/a5w9A4Qhj5SK"
spam	"Duo: Two-factor disabled. Fix immediately: https://short.ly/k8jq6JL5SCe"
spam	"Duo: Unlock your account. Deny if not you: https://duo-secure.xyz/slack?token=HGfrrLNcGdn90ZvG"
spam	"Duo: Unlock your account. Open attachment: https://duoportal.io/slack?session=iLN5rxm4jXGASrsv&utm=LiuG9k"
spam	"Duo: VPN access change. Claim reward: http://242.164.175.178/invoice"
spam	"Duo: VPN access change. Verify now: https://is.gd/t954NFY"
spam	"Duo: Voicemail transcription. Verify now: http://kiijzeakm.io/voicemail?id=4J0RIvT8AI3zCMUO&ref=TeqJyo"
spam	"Duo: Voicemail waiting. Open portal: https://duo-login.site/reward/9uWSp0sjL (See Document_5522.pdf)"
spam	"Duo: Wire transfer on hold. Confirm: https://du0.co/redeem?session=Q0IDu5PIVn6RRmWg&utm=I41PpQ"
spam	"Duo: Wire transfer on hold. Deny if not you: https://secure-duo.io/login?token=S1EAueXWMeYEOc6S"
spam	"Duo: Your account has been suspended. Call +1-277-286-6634 immediately to download file."
spam	"Duo: Your account has been suspended. Review activity: https://duo-verify.org/track?token=7edBQZBryDBoC1zc (See Document_6942.pdf) - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Duo: Your photo here. Complete training: https://bit.ly/zz5Ap9"
spam	"Duo: Your photo here. Continue to site: https://duoaccount.info/zoom/q1Avtu"
spam	"Duo: Your photo here. Open attachment: http://duo-secure.com/docusign"
spam	"Epic Games: Action required. Use code 318897 to download receipt."
spam	"Epic Games: Compliance training overdue. Fix immediately: https://secure-epicgames.us/signin?session=72lFx6f8gaZvrL0C&utm=P9p3rg"
spam	"Epic Games: Confirm payment. Acknowledge notice: https://bsjqxdn.xyz/claim?session=E49dYOTkES0o4Nir&utm=ZyDIXo"
spam	"Epic Games: Confirm payment. Get refund: https://epicgames-verify.site/signin/3hGxKlK7pd7"
spam	"Epic Games: Confirm your identity. Start verification: http://lvtrzwmqlrd.site/message?id=kYIzqk0vatAr9Df7&ref=S1VSYF"
spam	"Epic Games: Court notice. Fix immediately: http://secure-epicgames.io/voicemail"
spam	"Epic Games: Customs duty required. Continue to site: https://buff.ly/qMnOtXEyS"
spam	"Epic Games: DMCA notice. Update payment: http://186.63.174.75/sharepoint (See Document_0532.pdf)"
spam	"Epic Games: Direct deposit update. Approve sign-in: https://secure-epicgames.net/github?token=SyHRKJl68mNTDR34"
spam	"Epic Games: Direct deposit update. Deny if not you: http://epicgames.com/slack?id=UC5dslF7zIJSoKiL&ref=VdWVRi"
spam	"Epic Games: Direct deposit update. Listen now: https://epicgames-billing.me/authenticate"
spam	"Epic Games: Direct deposit update. View document: http://epicgames-billing.online/docusign"
spam	"Epic Games: Document shared with you. Schedule: http://cgqsipvov.xyz/payment?id=l8n4At0ASlP0Iudy&ref=KzDSjU"
spam	"Epic Games: Invoice is overdue. Secure account: http://129.42.128.114/quickbooks"
spam	"Epic Games: KYC verification needed. Confirm details: http://vahnjrhunwnr.co/appeal"
spam	"Epic Games: KYC verification needed. Open portal: https://lpmvojbj.biz/quickbooks/cofLen2Hoa"
spam	"Epic Games: KYC verification needed. Use code 108075 to enable protection."
spam	"Epic Games: Limited-time deal. Call +1-706-802-6933 immediately to view invoice."
spam	"Epic Games: MFA approval required. Activate: https://ow.ly/v3L1VxRa9nP"
spam	"Epic Games: MFA approval required. Enable protection: https://is.gd/NfRiAewrc"
spam	"Epic Games: MFA approval required. Review activity: http://epicgamesupdate.org/auth?id=CCSop52tkc1e83a2&ref=eRnAHQ"
spam	"Epic Games: Mailbox quota exceeded. Confirm: https://rb.gy/G0sA8MlQ3mM"
spam	"Epic Games: Meeting recording available. Call +1-643-489-3632 immediately to download receipt."
spam	"Epic Games: Missed delivery. Acknowledge notice: https://epicgamessupport.biz/voicemail?token=SyXbArKzPi5hXKEB"
spam	"Epic Games: Missed delivery. Claim reward: http://ytrucgz.site/payment - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Epic Games: NFT whitelist access. Enable protection: https://ow.ly/C7BBIL - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Epic Games: Open enrollment ends soon. Deny if not you: https://epicgames-secure.xyz/activate/28meHBv6j2ro (See Document_0168.pdf)"
spam	"Epic Games: Open enrollment ends soon. View document: http://epicgamessupport.info/billing?id=Y1UPuDOWqVnX1gbd&ref=Sa2kIH"
spam	"Epic Games: Password expires today. Schedule: http://epicgames-login.info/track?id=7tM3RdyMdE1dObir&ref=RkRruM"
spam	"Epic Games: Payment failed. Review activity: https://bit.ly/FKRohQf"
spam	"Epic Games: Prize winner. Track package: http://epicgames-billing.co/billing?id=N7lFdIhbyt8oKuN3&ref=vgiToA"
spam	"Epic Games: Referral bonus available. Unlock now: https://epicgames-verify.site/invoice?token=U42EGB8IdJQGSHJi"
spam	"Epic Games: Referral bonus available. Update payment: http://23.207.82.141/verify"
spam	"Epic Games: Refund available. View invoice: http://epicgameshelp.xyz/mfa"
spam	"Epic Games: Server migration. Unlock now: https://is.gd/QzXHn8S3SE5"
spam	"Epic Games: Shareholder update. Get refund: https://epicgames-verify.net/claim/qdO8muBW"
spam	"Epic Games: Shareholder update. Use code 803090 to acknowledge notice."
spam	"Epic Games: Social media violation. Reinstate access: http://28.64.94.143/file"
spam	"Epic Games: Storage policy change. Use code 571298 to verify now."
spam	"Epic Games: Subscription expired. Complete training: http://epicgames-login.info/message?id=5gPZc3TW9GsYB8hC&ref=wK7lA9"
spam	"Epic Games: Subscription renewal failed. Review activity: http://epicgames-billing.io/redeem"
spam	"Epic Games: Subscription renewal failed. Start verification: http://epicgamessupport.site/billing"
spam	"Epic Games: Tax form available. Use code 110248 to view invoice."
spam	"Epic Games: Tax refund pending. Authorize: https://epicgames-secure.biz/subscription?token=QAC7T8DwKxFDatHQ"
spam	"Epic Games: Tax refund pending. Continue to site: https://is.gd/aAYw2t4E"
spam	"Epic Games: VPN access change. Proceed to payment: https://bit.ly/xCp4Zu2fE"
spam	"Epic Games: Verify identity to receive funds. Deny if not you: https://oedyxprfcus.online/reset?session=IF8ptxQC7ymRxG2U&utm=Dmgff3"
spam	"Epic Games: Verify identity to receive funds. Open portal: https://bneooouqtfrg.xyz/approve/uyipgUfyx4B1 (See Document_4694.pdf)"
spam	"Epic Games: Verify identity to receive funds. View document: https://fklpqjc.site/portal?session=NP6VeJzB3b4EaNYt&utm=fSWLuF"
spam	"Epic Games: Your account has been suspended. Use code 944276 to resolve issue."
spam	"Epic Games: eFax received. Acknowledge notice: http://epicgamesupdate.co/reward"
spam	"Expedia: Benefit update needed. Call +1-720-319-5419 immediately to acknowledge notice."
spam	"Expedia: Benefit update needed. Use code 863078 to accept. - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Expedia: Chargeback notice. Approve sign-in: http://fhrewrqsfpbw.net/billing?id=GJgyZc0aalqaOcFh&ref=B3Ncp9"
spam	"Expedia: Chargeback notice. Unlock now: http://expediaaccount.net/authenticate?id=ybKw7fKFn4IljwLG&ref=tnRzmj"
spam	"Expedia: Chargeback notice. Update payment: https://buff.ly/ZEHwXL"
spam	"Expedia: Check bounced. Resolve issue: https://t.co/lIJGaEabufSc"
spam	"Expedia: Compliance training overdue. Download receipt: https://phlzdm.com/billing?session=NcgDKXFA4NuFAGWW&utm=WjiPxo"
spam	"Expedia: Compliance training overdue. Update payment: http://expedia-secure.info/claim?id=CfUQidOEuneR10nT&ref=6yJxMm (See Document_1526.pdf)"
spam	"Expedia: Confirm your identity. Claim reward: https://expedia-billing.me/confirm"
spam	"Expedia: Confirm your identity. Reinstate access: https://expediaupdate.info/sign?session=nSCSDQjDBnlsGvCV&utm=JsVqZ4"
spam	"Expedia: Confirm your identity. Reset password: https://expediaupdate.io/slack?token=CZBfhRFLSAhATUCB (See Document_7187.pdf)"
spam	"Expedia: Confirm your identity. Use code 670244 to open attachment."
spam	"Expedia: Copyright claim. View invoice: http://24.74.53.17/docs"
spam	"Expedia: Crypto airdrop. Confirm details: https://jqmkioz.online/sign?token=oJ58JFcw8BFBGdkZ"
spam	"Expedia: Crypto airdrop. Open attachment: http://63.199.25.157/subscription"
spam	"Expedia: Crypto airdrop. View document: http://57.223.139.178/billing"
spam	"Expedia: Customs duty required. Call +1-191-050-7197 immediately to update payment. - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Expedia: Customs duty required. Call +1-991-499-5253 immediately to confirm."
spam	"Expedia: Customs duty required. Claim reward: http://expedia83.me/review?id=INsfRZ8lifgY6kx1&ref=Njgczr"
spam	"Expedia: DMCA notice. Get refund: http://expedia-verify.co/billing"
spam	"Expedia: Device sign-in attempt. Call +1-309-701-2682 immediately to confirm details."
spam	"Expedia: Device sign-in attempt. Schedule: http://102.120.143.236/track"
spam	"Expedia: Direct deposit update. Activate: https://short.ly/pYsVTzDpL"
spam	"Expedia: Document shared with you. Accept: http://mlghng.com/secure?id=0uRoOmoJU5TKhViV&ref=f12asL"
spam	"Expedia: Document shared with you. Download file: https://t.co/kbAszlb"
spam	"Expedia: Document shared with you. Resolve issue: http://expediahelp.me/review?id=Z7TfVaawKoiQZOO7&ref=78OwFi"
spam	"Expedia: Invoice is overdue. Reinstate access: https://expediaportal.me/verify"
spam	"Expedia: Invoice is overdue. Review activity: https://fydcxmo.xyz/track?session=EMnq9sUpitp8rx7a&utm=bbQKxz"
spam	"Expedia: KYC verification needed. Activate: https://expedia-verify.co/reset?token=YRPIihL17n22GA39"
spam	"Expedia: KYC verification needed. Reinstate access: https://expedia-billing.xyz/approve/D96jgdkBNZXH"
spam	"Expedia: Limited-time deal. Fix immediately: https://expediaportal.org/okta?session=l0cqSECDkhBWNYpS&utm=fajGwE"
spam	"Expedia: Limited-time deal. Use code 192294 to continue to site."
spam	"Expedia: Loan approval ready. Call +1-888-562-2586 immediately to track package."
spam	"Expedia: MFA approval required. Accept: https://tinyurl.com/pNh3FmD"
spam	"Expedia: MFA approval required. Get refund: https://iljgdblnnnfj.org/download?session=bRuFGWxtjkis3lwb&utm=fZPotN"
spam	"Expedia: Mailbox quota exceeded. Call +1-664-312-1885 immediately to track package."
spam	"Expedia: Missed call. Fix immediately: https://bit.ly/HpAqFk"
spam	"Expedia: Missed delivery. Unlock now: https://expediasupport.com/subscription/ePrcbdL"
spam	"Expedia: NFT whitelist access. Approve sign-in: https://zravcsgtig.info/invoice"
spam	"Expedia: New device sign-in. Continue to site: http://expedia.me/track"
spam	"Expedia: New device sign-in. Use code 476580 to verify now."
spam	"Expedia: Password expires today. Acknowledge notice: https://expediaaccount.co/claim?token=2POS5HOIyH2n2gLI"
spam	"Expedia: Password expires today. Confirm: https://expedia-verify.online/authenticate/nxNlH3H"
spam	"Expedia: Payment failed. Download receipt: https://tinyurl.com/GDf8zx"
spam	"Expedia: Payment failed. Open portal: https://secure-expedia.org/reward/9oaHXG5h6"
spam	"Expedia: Payroll issue. Acknowledge notice: http://cfyupoysyso.me/update?id=wGetDCcdx1seP32f&ref=NMGyDL (See Document_8079.pdf)"
spam	"Expedia: Payroll issue. Proceed to payment: http://tehgjx.us/support?id=a0gfePVV8h3AZuS1&ref=TqZUcO"
spam	"Expedia: Payroll issue. Use code 567262 to resolve issue."
spam	"Expedia: Payroll issue. View invoice: http://momngmtmb.me/zoom"
spam	"Expedia: Referral bonus available. Call +1-409-326-1113 immediately to activate."
spam	"Expedia: Referral bonus available. Open attachment: http://expediahelp.info/billing?id=1lZIKixFBYWwv2v5&ref=eqB6xM"
spam	"Expedia: Referral bonus available. Schedule: https://secure-expedia.biz/approve/RbdNyyWzN"
spam	"Expedia: Security alert. Activate: https://cbrkmxxx.org/confirm/JtHvWOkbb4"
spam	"Expedia: Social media violation. Acknowledge notice: http://expedia.co/approve"
spam	"Expedia: Storage policy change. Call +1-842-330-0805 immediately to secure account."
spam	"Expedia: Storage policy change. Start verification: https://expediaupdate.online/auth"
spam	"Expedia: Storage policy change. Use code 372186 to verify now. - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Expedia: Storage policy change. View document: http://150.202.91.248/redeem (See Document_2733.pdf)"
spam	"Expedia: Subscription renewal failed. Unlock now: http://132.77.185.139/quickbooks"
spam	"Expedia: Tax form available. Acknowledge notice: https://expedia-secure.online/billing?session=l8n5GicDwehptJXB&utm=vCLATJ"
spam	"Expedia: Tax refund pending. Track package: https://expediaaccount.org/duo?session=2MrIQA72VGBfqaNy&utm=tKNx2O - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Expedia: Tax refund pending. Use code 435382 to authorize."
spam	"Expedia: VPN access change. Open portal: https://bit.ly/gErKMO5o3Hm"
spam	"Expedia: Voicemail waiting. Acknowledge notice: https://bit.ly/yZOgvm"
spam	"Expedia: Voicemail waiting. Acknowledge notice: https://expedia-secure.info/secure"
spam	"Expedia: Voicemail waiting. Use code 074420 to acknowledge notice."
spam	"Expedia: Wire transfer on hold. Call +1-483-906-1845 immediately to resolve issue."
spam	"Expedia: Your photo here. Authorize: https://expedia35.site/reset"
spam	"Expedia: Your photo here. Deny if not you: https://expedia28.site/docusign?session=fRR6ulIWvU7El68v&utm=yk9Kkz"
spam	"Expedia: Your photo here. Download receipt: https://expedia-login.net/drive?session=3tGwhsbq6ZucgTo6&utm=X6XoIM"
spam	"Expedia: Your photo here. Reinstate access: https://qehdgfwrq.online/review?session=WkUxZEISZEWtYLev&utm=LPM1p0 (See Document_9052.pdf) - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Expedia: Your photo here. Use code 274823 to authorize."
spam	"Expedia: eFax received. Download file: https://secure-expedia.com/download/fPfVRP"
spam	"Expedia: eFax received. Open attachment: http://expediaaccount.io/docs?id=sfaMrzxr4itCoOdt&ref=hP6ErK"
spam	"Expedia: eFax received. Use code 642029 to open attachment."
spam	"Facebook: Account upgrade. Update payment: http://facebook83.com/confirm"
spam	"Facebook: Action required. Use code 644831 to view invoice."
spam	"Facebook: Benefit update needed. Proceed to payment: https://facebook-secure.io/drive"
spam	"Facebook: Chargeback notice. Track package: http://facebook-billing.me/access?id=jLu9hi7OrRPNaLlO&ref=9ReH5M (See Document_0009.pdf) - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Facebook: Chargeback notice. Use code 842640 to download file."
spam	"Facebook: Compliance training overdue. Download receipt: https://ow.ly/emZ7q7"
spam	"Facebook: Compliance training overdue. Use code 758416 to download receipt."
spam	"Facebook: Confirm your identity. Verify now: http://facebook-verify.us/docs?id=yFRHALFoyh6WquJ4&ref=Dv91eI"
spam	"Facebook: Copyright claim. Use code 429383 to listen now."
spam	"Facebook: Court notice. Call +1-743-811-9953 immediately to view invoice."
spam	"Facebook: Court notice. Schedule: http://facebook-verify.online/subscription?id=BfiridtqevzIRi2U&ref=P0dZEj"
spam	"Facebook: Crypto airdrop. Complete training: https://facebooksupport.io/invoice?token=XNE1ji5mRM4WLOyq"
spam	"Facebook: Customs duty required. Use code 422726 to unlock now."
spam	"Facebook: Direct deposit update. Deny if not you: https://facebook-billing.net/duo"
spam	"Facebook: Dispute filed. Claim reward: http://nrrljzkvk.biz/approve?id=N4wNMckQors7XZio&ref=5ZJg1B"
spam	"Facebook: Dispute filed. Unlock now: https://facebook70.org/quickbooks?session=3HbxmKGhGvwDs47n&utm=GIjQTD"
spam	"Facebook: Exclusive offer. Download receipt: http://137.178.110.76/onedrive"
spam	"Facebook: Exclusive offer. Download receipt: http://secure-facebook.info/signin?id=OXLn0jkptNWj4BZG&ref=gYnjkq"
spam	"Facebook: Exclusive offer. Use code 507963 to schedule."
spam	"Facebook: Legal action pending. View document: https://jronsxsyqif.us/file/rZR8rf"
spam	"Facebook: Limited-time deal. Review activity: https://bit.ly/I35CFExeNdWc"
spam	"Facebook: Limited-time deal. Secure account: https://buff.ly/0kMrXVOS"
spam	"Facebook: MFA approval required. Use code 384175 to accept."
spam	"Facebook: Mailbox quota exceeded. Listen now: https://msvaltz.info/sign?token=GePHmXETamLrFVoT"
spam	"Facebook: Meeting recording available. Use code 094451 to continue to site."
spam	"Facebook: NFT whitelist access. Secure account: https://facebook-login.site/billing"
spam	"Facebook: New device sign-in. Claim reward: https://tinyurl.com/YNNY28"
spam	"Facebook: New device sign-in. Enable protection: https://facebooksupport.xyz/support?session=PNgQxUEJkKdTvlVZ&utm=tLlkf0 (See Document_9114.pdf)"
spam	"Facebook: Open enrollment ends soon. Deny if not you: https://short.ly/wG6uebiT4"
spam	"Facebook: Password reset requested. Verify now: https://faceb00k.biz/update?token=1vVQEKkvTZOfFoop"
spam	"Facebook: Payment failed. Secure account: https://short.ly/Mz64yedh1"
spam	"Facebook: Prize winner. Accept: http://108.121.150.230/approve"
spam	"Facebook: Re-authenticate to continue. Open attachment: https://facebook-secure.org/confirm"
spam	"Facebook: Referral bonus available. Authorize: https://is.gd/7J2jkeXu"
spam	"Facebook: Security alert. Unlock now: http://facebook-billing.xyz/payment?id=QYjQv9AXSJaLypPY&ref=qGMpAv"
spam	"Facebook: Server migration. Enable protection: http://249.141.40.92/slack"
spam	"Facebook: Social media violation. Acknowledge notice: https://vbvvvybnmu.com/secure"
spam	"Facebook: Storage is almost full. Reset password: https://bit.ly/ZJA3BaUdwTr"
spam	"Facebook: Storage is almost full. Use code 391727 to fix immediately."
spam	"Facebook: Storage policy change. Confirm details: https://facebookaccount.biz/duo?session=07ZC76btTkYqcWUj&utm=vvvs6A"
spam	"Facebook: Tax form available. Deny if not you: https://secure-facebook.org/redeem?token=3qZygbF5JsjtKPcN"
spam	"Facebook: Tax refund pending. Listen now: http://facebooksupport.info/auth?id=3bp1G5WxfGoXFXGM&ref=eX6B2v"
spam	"Facebook: Tax refund pending. Use code 056878 to download file."
spam	"Facebook: Unusual login detected. Confirm details: https://t.co/3vFSfF8"
spam	"Facebook: Unusual login detected. Proceed to payment: https://secure-facebook.biz/subscription?session=B7VzHiNndbVFnEap&utm=5G9CYF"
spam	"Facebook: Unusual login detected. View document: http://facebook15.info/sharepoint"
spam	"Facebook: VPN access change. Download file: https://secure-facebook.co/authenticate?token=WnGIQEaOCep1VOBb"
spam	"Facebook: VPN access change. Verify now: https://facebooksupport.xyz/secure/DdJjyF (See Document_1557.pdf)"
spam	"Facebook: Wire transfer on hold. Confirm details: https://lelnizdumlbn.info/payment"
spam	"Facebook: Your account has been suspended. Authorize: https://facebook-login.me/invoice?session=7BGfBtVBiBOvP4rA&utm=1wRNHM"
spam	"FedEx: Activate service now. Deny if not you: https://fedexhelp.biz/mfa"
spam	"FedEx: Activate service now. Fix immediately: https://goo.gl/Lc3IMC"
spam	"FedEx: Activate service now. View document: https://fedexhelp.com/invoice"
spam	"FedEx: Benefit update needed. Confirm details: https://fmuylfha.us/confirm?token=EBSRh7nsnDnMyQzy (See Document_6799.pdf)"
spam	"FedEx: Chargeback notice. Confirm: http://fedexupdate.net/billing?id=J5WgVyjyP93KHECo&ref=vVRh7d"
spam	"FedEx: Check bounced. Proceed to payment: https://fedex05.biz/payment?token=IgTrD5y1iikfqW45"
spam	"FedEx: Compliance training overdue. Confirm details: https://fedexhelp.biz/message/1eO0IY"
spam	"FedEx: Compliance training overdue. Open attachment: https://fedex-verify.biz/voicemail?token=CZDV1IdOufZDi6vR"
spam	"FedEx: Confirm beneficiary. Authorize: https://secure-fedex.io/reset"
spam	"FedEx: Copyright claim. Deny if not you: https://fedex.org/confirm"
spam	"FedEx: Copyright claim. Unlock now: https://fedex39.io/authenticate/f17LYSlf8neD - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"FedEx: Crypto airdrop. Continue to site: https://fedex92.co/docs?session=pb7EorvpO51Rndlo&utm=Btg2lj"
spam	"FedEx: Crypto airdrop. Enable protection: https://fedexhelp.us/redeem"
spam	"FedEx: Customs duty required. Unlock now: https://fedexupdate.site/docs?token=9l63U0rt8xZaEwRO (See Document_5764.pdf)"
spam	"FedEx: DMCA notice. Claim reward: http://fedexupdate.io/reset"
spam	"FedEx: DMCA notice. Complete training: https://akzbcrrbe.biz/okta/ABHERYw"
spam	"FedEx: DMCA notice. Confirm: https://fedexaccount.com/redeem?token=HvKefNw2YQGsBKwU"
spam	"FedEx: Delivery delayed. Track: http://211.16.191.122/carrier/pay?ref=Ih7yfJs1ON"
spam	"FedEx: Device sign-in attempt. Start verification: https://fedexportal.com/reset/CZyzj1VB74 - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"FedEx: Direct deposit update. Track package: https://fedex-secure.co/mfa?session=gMgFslx8fG2QBNDV&utm=vQAyQ6"
spam	"FedEx: Document shared with you. Approve sign-in: https://rb.gy/P860HlkSqT"
spam	"FedEx: Document shared with you. Deny if not you: https://fedex-login.net/activate"
spam	"FedEx: KYC verification needed. Accept: http://secure-fedex.site/sharepoint (See Document_9320.pdf)"
spam	"FedEx: KYC verification needed. Schedule: http://158.60.14.23/auth"
spam	"FedEx: Legal action pending. Enable protection: https://fedexupdate.com/docusign/Uq5zz4aZKB7"
spam	"FedEx: Legal action pending. Proceed to payment: https://boulnawkent.site/approve?session=8MQNzymob9M05k6p&utm=w29zwq (See Document_0307.pdf)"
spam	"FedEx: Limited-time deal. Activate: http://32.149.31.97/signin"
spam	"FedEx: Mailbox quota exceeded. Claim reward: https://fedexaccount.com/claim"
spam	"FedEx: Mailbox quota exceeded. Review activity: https://qehhcpp.io/auth?session=EPUv0P2vE7NuJFPJ&utm=dyyGPy - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"FedEx: Meeting recording available. Download receipt: https://fedexsupport.co/sign?token=34QVJYe9K58jIeaG"
spam	"FedEx: Missed call. Accept: http://ghbuxbzne.io/access?id=Yr1FSUekBFoAvdEV&ref=n4phRq"
spam	"FedEx: Missed call. Open attachment: http://150.85.58.173/sign"
spam	"FedEx: NFT whitelist access. Open attachment: http://secure-fedex.org/confirm"
spam	"FedEx: New device sign-in. Deny if not you: https://fedex.info/claim/PJpYUbMY"
spam	"FedEx: New device sign-in. Reinstate access: https://fedexportal.io/activate?session=2mcJwRYAaurQquAe&utm=QUXNsW"
spam	"FedEx: Password expires today. Accept: https://bit.ly/75IfTfBcT1M"
spam	"FedEx: Password expires today. Activate: https://tmjvbl.io/confirm"
spam	"FedEx: Password expires today. Use code 366953 to approve sign-in."
spam	"FedEx: Payment failed. Confirm details: https://fedex01.xyz/approve/xtUuX8K"
spam	"FedEx: Payment failed. Verify now: http://fedex.co/secure"
spam	"FedEx: Payroll issue. Update payment: https://fedex-secure.io/auth/9dGNYoOw (See Document_6201.pdf)"
spam	"FedEx: Referral bonus available. Claim reward: http://dahvjnst.us/zoom?id=bIWrn4RFBY4HvubF&ref=GNy1CM"
spam	"FedEx: Referral bonus available. Fix immediately: https://buff.ly/qyxNpR7fD - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"FedEx: Referral bonus available. Use code 486996 to listen now."
spam	"FedEx: Refund available. Call +1-639-833-5049 immediately to schedule."
spam	"FedEx: Refund available. Confirm details: https://lnkkvdfkn.online/claim?token=0aQ3IDAdmHxNWFOC"
spam	"FedEx: Server migration. Verify now: https://hsazxwapdvgn.online/duo?session=qMB3LTqrD7haE2PM&utm=TQXk0p (See Document_5955.pdf)"
spam	"FedEx: Storage is almost full. Acknowledge notice: http://fedexportal.me/confirm?id=HZcU8HuVSMQABwjh&ref=7y25nS"
spam	"FedEx: Storage is almost full. Use code 835156 to enable protection."
spam	"FedEx: Subscription expired. Authorize: https://fedexupdate.online/onedrive"
spam	"FedEx: Subscription expired. Get refund: https://goo.gl/0Z13BpyG"
spam	"FedEx: Subscription renewal failed. Start verification: https://naklpxbipqo.me/slack"
spam	"FedEx: Tax refund pending. Claim reward: https://fedex-login.biz/auth?token=K69RHiXefR9jgF1G"
spam	"FedEx: Timesheet rejection. Approve sign-in: https://fedex-secure.me/payment?session=8C5akFGsEmttD1KY&utm=mCkVlo"
spam	"FedEx: Two-factor disabled. Authorize: http://136.209.61.83/confirm"
spam	"FedEx: Two-factor disabled. Claim reward: https://fyiqaqqb.us/reset?session=ThTpkOMWceyiasDH&utm=ZFRWzJ"
spam	"FedEx: Two-factor disabled. View invoice: https://fedex-login.io/authenticate?session=abk4yEMKmuSDchQR&utm=CBSnf7"
spam	"FedEx: Unlock your account. Call +1-319-399-2015 immediately to open portal."
spam	"FedEx: Unlock your account. Enable protection: https://tinyurl.com/fEAW9pGA"
spam	"FedEx: Vacation request approved. Complete training: http://97.80.49.194/appeal"
spam	"FedEx: Verify identity to receive funds. Open attachment: https://fedex-billing.us/track/1TPvYj"
spam	"FedEx: Your account has been suspended. Secure account: https://is.gd/vP2GJlEAG (See Document_6582.pdf)"
spam	"GitHub: Account upgrade. Claim reward: https://buff.ly/Gz8TWe4T"
spam	"GitHub: Account upgrade. Confirm: https://github-verify.biz/payment?token=PsItWsqS6KLpgIL7 (See Document_2191.pdf)"
spam	"GitHub: Activate service now. Get refund: https://secure-github.xyz/approve"
spam	"GitHub: Benefit update needed. Approve sign-in: http://254.232.39.186/voicemail"
spam	"GitHub: Benefit update needed. Continue to site: https://ngnzboce.info/confirm/nN2tNfiPu"
spam	"GitHub: Benefit update needed. Get refund: http://github-login.us/mfa?id=2Dv1n4fyjQ7YDNEc&ref=BVy2KN"
spam	"GitHub: Benefit update needed. Start verification: http://51.104.102.201/mfa"
spam	"GitHub: Chargeback notice. Authorize: https://github.co/login"
spam	"GitHub: Chargeback notice. Download file: https://t.co/gEnv5F33"
spam	"GitHub: Confirm beneficiary. Listen now: http://240.247.41.215/verify"
spam	"GitHub: Confirm payment. Download file: https://bit.ly/4BF2r7V0zO"
spam	"GitHub: Confirm payment. Use code 575494 to view invoice."
spam	"GitHub: Confirm your identity. Resolve issue: https://github-secure.io/activate?token=ofHNMxLpe0fUBRLL"
spam	"GitHub: Court notice. Claim reward: https://short.ly/QRT0Gb9xnG"
spam	"GitHub: Court notice. Use code 143956 to open portal."
spam	"GitHub: DMCA notice. Deny if not you: https://t.co/EfiFSqEaA"
spam	"GitHub: DMCA notice. Listen now: http://github37.us/reset (See Document_1724.pdf)"
spam	"GitHub: Dispute filed. Use code 416304 to reinstate access."
spam	"GitHub: Document shared with you. Deny if not you: https://lubjysn.com/activate"
spam	"GitHub: Document shared with you. Review activity: https://github-login.us/docs?session=71CDDwz5LgNIoiXe&utm=RbPkMf"
spam	"GitHub: Exclusive offer. Call +1-859-533-6653 immediately to track package."
spam	"GitHub: Exclusive offer. Download file: https://tinyurl.com/K10AjW"
spam	"GitHub: KYC verification needed. Resolve issue: https://githubaccount.io/mfa (See Document_0920.pdf)"
spam	"GitHub: Legal action pending. Call +1-257-164-0048 immediately to secure account."
spam	"GitHub: Legal action pending. Reset password: http://33.168.121.163/confirm"
spam	"GitHub: Limited-time deal. Continue to site: https://githubaccount.us/quickbooks?token=YSdYok4GziUiQtMQ"
spam	"GitHub: Loan approval ready. Enable protection: https://github-verify.site/portal?session=zHM735jOBw7GM5vf&utm=FVkY1W"
spam	"GitHub: Loan approval ready. Use code 044907 to listen now."
spam	"GitHub: MFA approval required. Track package: https://github-billing.com/okta?session=M9NAIjirnf6iRQ4f&utm=jw8x8G"
spam	"GitHub: MFA approval required. Use code 869045 to complete training."
spam	"GitHub: Meeting recording available. Continue to site: http://github-login.site/update?id=XrkX5O1hXabOXa5B&ref=3ihS5J"
spam	"GitHub: Meeting recording available. Use code 812263 to resolve issue."
spam	"GitHub: Missed delivery. Use code 558958 to deny if not you."
spam	"GitHub: New device sign-in. View document: https://wnlmlwytqrqv.me/secure"
spam	"GitHub: Open enrollment ends soon. Call +1-156-065-5553 immediately to approve sign-in."
spam	"GitHub: Package delivery failed. View document: https://githubaccount.info/redeem?session=rDzVExhivTJmEWOK&utm=LbdUZw"
spam	"GitHub: Password expires today. Reinstate access: http://54.229.46.80/duo"
spam	"GitHub: Password expires today. Unlock now: http://qimrkatky.io/claim"
spam	"GitHub: Password expires today. Update payment: http://githubaccount.net/okta"
spam	"GitHub: Password reset requested. Approve sign-in: https://tinyurl.com/Y6eD1sQI"
spam	"GitHub: Password reset requested. Download receipt: http://132.182.54.96/authenticate"
spam	"GitHub: Prize winner. Reset password: https://buff.ly/GlmFBzo"
spam	"GitHub: Re-authenticate to continue. Acknowledge notice: https://goo.gl/yd2z97e - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"GitHub: Referral bonus available. Deny if not you: https://github.xyz/drive?session=ooIZDS3j96mqWgWq&utm=jLnKNQ"
spam	"GitHub: Referral bonus available. Fix immediately: https://short.ly/mk2r2MENp402"
spam	"GitHub: Server migration. Call +1-939-749-8009 immediately to download receipt."
spam	"GitHub: Social media violation. Start verification: http://apjuskwtnfx.info/verify?id=sQRfrkfZwHjv22q9&ref=XvVXRZ"
spam	"GitHub: Storage is almost full. Unlock now: https://github-secure.net/sharepoint?token=hdzNi9kDy6qfK96V - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"GitHub: Tax form available. Confirm: http://219.239.175.242/download"
spam	"GitHub: Tax form available. Use code 854121 to unlock now."
spam	"GitHub: Tax refund pending. Use code 357140 to acknowledge notice."
spam	"GitHub: Unusual login detected. Start verification: http://29.67.73.103/docs"
spam	"GitHub: VPN access change. View document: https://mwrxejvsqkah.biz/download?token=4GzWP8QBu1SirorO"
spam	"GitHub: Verify identity to receive funds. Continue to site: http://github-verify.biz/payment?id=r3QHZtVzbeK94gp5&ref=sqZpW9 (See Document_8998.pdf)"
spam	"GitHub: Verify identity to receive funds. Deny if not you: https://github.info/sharepoint"
spam	"GitHub: Voicemail transcription. Listen now: https://githubhelp.us/review?session=sTx1hbtAOiua9ALi&utm=KAuyI7 (See Document_5120.pdf)"
spam	"GitHub: Wire transfer on hold. Activate: https://githubupdate.io/subscription?session=tAIQypL20TGrOcxu&utm=nFlGxH"
spam	"GitHub: Your account has been suspended. Continue to site: https://buff.ly/B6jqu6"
spam	"GitLab: Benefit update needed. Confirm details: https://gitlab-verify.net/payment?session=ywr50sh6VmDlDEQ5&utm=yHxE8A"
spam	"GitLab: Benefit update needed. View document: http://gitlabaccount.online/file?id=AMk74cdLgXjwTZGx&ref=p3tV7d (See Document_2970.pdf)"
spam	"GitLab: Chargeback notice. Use code 258591 to start verification."
spam	"GitLab: Confirm your identity. Acknowledge notice: https://gitlab-billing.co/review"
spam	"GitLab: Copyright claim. Accept: http://123.240.61.130/voicemail"
spam	"GitLab: Customs duty required. Continue to site: https://is.gd/jOD53I5vD"
spam	"GitLab: Customs duty required. Listen now: https://gitlabportal.us/subscription/3ntB0TQ"
spam	"GitLab: Customs duty required. Secure account: https://gitlab-billing.org/review"
spam	"GitLab: Document shared with you. Authorize: http://146.222.129.243/reset"
spam	"GitLab: Exclusive offer. Deny if not you: http://8.188.139.116/onedrive"
spam	"GitLab: Exclusive offer. Resolve issue: http://227.239.52.63/review - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"GitLab: KYC verification needed. Track package: https://is.gd/RBJFdw8PQyY"
spam	"GitLab: Legal action pending. Enable protection: https://kxjopvxszs.info/portal/5eXzPum97YWr - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"GitLab: Limited-time deal. Confirm: http://gitlab-verify.info/authenticate?id=9QyQ7DBx8eFjEVF6&ref=TuWokK"
spam	"GitLab: Loan approval ready. Track package: http://fhifvuczkjg.xyz/approve?id=HLgsBJvBUqM9ljB1&ref=dqlgEj"
spam	"GitLab: MFA approval required. Call +1-956-390-8396 immediately to deny if not you."
spam	"GitLab: MFA approval required. Complete training: https://gitlab-verify.us/verify?token=frjyTYOjVyuxgfa8"
spam	"GitLab: MFA approval required. Schedule: https://gitlab-billing.info/download/3loGkCj"
spam	"GitLab: Mailbox quota exceeded. Get refund: https://fhxvdzvfbcjq.io/quickbooks?session=gFOhsSnwzjGkw3ex&utm=0rbJpv - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"GitLab: Meeting recording available. Use code 324933 to view document."
spam	"GitLab: Missed call. Call +1-278-270-9176 immediately to approve sign-in. - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"GitLab: Missed call. Secure account: http://gitlabupdate.online/github"
spam	"GitLab: Missed call. Update payment: https://gitlab-login.io/docs?token=EQUdngFutoHbXl4C"
spam	"GitLab: Missed delivery. Confirm: http://191.52.18.34/approve"
spam	"GitLab: NFT whitelist access. Continue to site: https://gitlab-billing.co/teams?token=E5d5G8230HmkGz2c (See Document_5434.pdf)"
spam	"GitLab: Package delivery failed. Download file: https://is.gd/rwLsdGwYMOou"
spam	"GitLab: Password reset requested. Call +1-072-623-4112 immediately to acknowledge notice."
spam	"GitLab: Password reset requested. Complete training: https://tjucxtp.io/approve?token=YwgWEJFh0j6wH6af"
spam	"GitLab: Password reset requested. Enable protection: https://short.ly/DXbYtHTHi"
spam	"GitLab: Payment failed. Continue to site: https://goo.gl/m3TssCD"
spam	"GitLab: Re-authenticate to continue. Confirm: https://gitlab98.info/update?token=NyYIoqSPI9BYOMGF"
spam	"GitLab: Referral bonus available. Complete training: https://gitlabupdate.xyz/payment/MpafiT"
spam	"GitLab: Referral bonus available. Proceed to payment: https://rb.gy/YZWORc"
spam	"GitLab: Server migration. Proceed to payment: https://gitlab-login.us/subscription"
spam	"GitLab: Shareholder update. Start verification: https://gitlabhelp.io/activate/bhmLt6GS"
spam	"GitLab: Storage policy change. Continue to site: https://hykfclcpgvj.us/subscription?session=g9wEXuA5gbIcQ6ec&utm=Zn0bkl (See Document_1239.pdf)"
spam	"GitLab: Subscription renewal failed. Claim reward: https://is.gd/jE7dBh"
spam	"GitLab: Subscription renewal failed. Enable protection: https://tinyurl.com/erWYPhU9skoT - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"GitLab: Tax form available. Open portal: http://gitlab-verify.online/voicemail?id=ye5raJmaPDcMdzp5&ref=7pydiF"
spam	"GitLab: Tax form available. Reset password: http://36.208.22.19/billing"
spam	"GitLab: Tax form available. Secure account: http://gitlab-secure.co/reward?id=hVeECXxGLgCGo8Nc&ref=UY63QH"
spam	"GitLab: Timesheet rejection. Resolve issue: https://is.gd/XfCcfNLrZF"
spam	"GitLab: Timesheet rejection. Unlock now: http://gitlab-login.net/activate"
spam	"GitLab: Two-factor disabled. View invoice: https://git1ab.biz/sign?token=WVqQPkdsfzshwXUn"
spam	"GitLab: Unlock your account. Download file: https://is.gd/0qo26RS"
spam	"GitLab: Unlock your account. Open attachment: https://gitlab-login.com/track"
spam	"GitLab: Unlock your account. Track package: http://gitlabsupport.net/support"
spam	"GitLab: Unusual login detected. Reset password: https://gitlab-secure.site/approve?session=3Zdp32RdWdyD768Y&utm=KLeP44 (See Document_3468.pdf)"
spam	"GitLab: Voicemail waiting. Start verification: http://211.237.139.147/teams"
spam	"GitLab: Wire transfer on hold. Use code 895919 to accept."
spam	"GitLab: Your photo here. Start verification: https://bit.ly/lQQMrb1oFxn"
spam	"GitLab: eFax received. Call +1-753-424-5139 immediately to review activity."
spam	"GitLab: eFax received. Use code 026716 to update payment."
spam	"Google: Account upgrade. Use code 112036 to resolve issue."
spam	"Google: Action required. Track package: http://google14.net/zoom (See Document_3948.pdf)"
spam	"Google: Action required. Update payment: https://googlesupport.org/message?session=JqQiuXBhh1Ag9RuQ&utm=WNKTNt"
spam	"Google: Benefit update needed. Use code 545396 to resolve issue."
spam	"Google: Chargeback notice. Authorize: https://ow.ly/OOgjV45 (See Document_5176.pdf)"
spam	"Google: Chargeback notice. Download receipt: http://wgnrondtao.co/approve?id=OIhJHzYWM3y4gfxJ&ref=HMbeFe"
spam	"Google: Chargeback notice. Start verification: http://googlesupport.online/auth?id=2wKOlSiid4LF0ySR&ref=r0IyeJ"
spam	"Google: Chargeback notice. Use code 418186 to listen now."
spam	"Google: Compliance training overdue. Schedule: http://aewmvpfcr.org/docs?id=MCIXyPMcozh02H3r&ref=pNUAIk"
spam	"Google: Confirm your identity. Call +1-953-371-8942 immediately to download file."
spam	"Google: Confirm your identity. Use code 767520 to accept."
spam	"Google: Court notice. Confirm details: http://googleportal.online/sharepoint"
spam	"Google: Court notice. Review activity: https://tinyurl.com/Babn8tC6q47A"
spam	"Google: Crypto airdrop. Acknowledge notice: https://googleupdate.net/login"
spam	"Google: DMCA notice. Schedule: https://tinyurl.com/Kg1TIW749"
spam	"Google: DMCA notice. Use code 094868 to approve sign-in."
spam	"Google: Direct deposit update. Secure account: http://google54.me/claim"
spam	"Google: Dispute filed. Call +1-430-628-7345 immediately to get refund."
spam	"Google: Document shared with you. Complete training: http://secure-google.io/auth"
spam	"Google: Invoice is overdue. Approve sign-in: http://google-verify.info/slack"
spam	"Google: KYC verification needed. Deny if not you: https://pkdiwaiijyk.me/zoom"
spam	"Google: KYC verification needed. Update payment: https://googleupdate.xyz/subscription/ACVLdb"
spam	"Google: Legal action pending. Activate: https://bit.ly/1YHqj2l"
spam	"Google: Limited-time deal. Authorize: https://is.gd/1TywN1"
spam	"Google: Limited-time deal. Proceed to payment: https://google15.me/billing/LZVl8JzO"
spam	"Google: Limited-time deal. View invoice: https://googlesupport.xyz/github (See Document_6634.pdf)"
spam	"Google: Loan approval ready. Accept: http://googlehelp.com/reward?id=MFHBgRdPp9hohd5c&ref=KrpeIg"
spam	"Google: MFA approval required. Review activity: https://googlesupport.net/review/PAKpY6"
spam	"Google: MFA approval required. Use code 414058 to open portal."
spam	"Google: Mailbox quota exceeded. Listen now: https://googlesupport.online/review/OxziciRPiLq"
spam	"Google: Mailbox quota exceeded. Use code 629938 to unlock now."
spam	"Google: Meeting recording available. Call +1-950-867-2266 immediately to enable protection."
spam	"Google: Missed call. Review activity: https://buff.ly/TwgEFP"
spam	"Google: New device sign-in. Claim reward: https://googlehelp.info/update/mMs8BV"
spam	"Google: New device sign-in. Continue to site: https://tinyurl.com/8wURdHId7I"
spam	"Google: Package delivery failed. Call +1-620-283-5620 immediately to update payment."
spam	"Google: Package delivery failed. Schedule: https://goo.gl/MHsDGMBgY"
spam	"Google: Password expires today. View invoice: https://sbufdyhcdn.online/onedrive/9Oek694 - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Google: Payment failed. Approve sign-in: http://googleaccount.me/slack"
spam	"Google: Payroll issue. Open portal: http://177.58.189.128/subscription"
spam	"Google: Prize winner. Use code 651220 to view document."
spam	"Google: Prize winner. Use code 977660 to accept."
spam	"Google: Re-authenticate to continue. Get refund: https://short.ly/2yBuXxZ"
spam	"Google: Refund available. Complete training: https://google-verify.info/authenticate?token=Drf54UStaTvxgB6Q"
spam	"Google: Shareholder update. Start verification: https://cbmtrraonc.com/verify"
spam	"Google: Shareholder update. Track package: https://tinyurl.com/EPj5KN"
spam	"Google: Storage is almost full. Enable protection: https://ow.ly/H7ZIRU"
spam	"Google: Subscription expired. Verify now: https://google-login.online/approve?token=6YdD74O1BUBFbqjy"
spam	"Google: Unusual login detected. Confirm details: https://g00g1e.biz/access?session=qvOrQP5L7Cw0fSYR&utm=4vkpXH"
spam	"Google: Unusual login detected. Schedule: http://ebewzd.co/subscription?id=KxTZFuRDgUWGB4MY&ref=CjxbZb"
spam	"Google: VPN access change. Call +1-718-710-0030 immediately to track package."
spam	"Google: Vacation request approved. Approve sign-in: http://yduijprnzo.info/sign?id=obyoWwF6JPT9bRoD&ref=JLXhQj"
spam	"Google: Your photo here. Enable protection: https://buff.ly/zM4U9et3"
spam	"Google: Your photo here. Enable protection: https://pscdgezm.io/billing"
spam	"Google: eFax received. Continue to site: http://googleportal.xyz/reset?id=ipG8PpdASKX9ux4W&ref=pUgCe0"
spam	"Grubhub: Action required. Confirm: http://kqkgyp.info/slack?id=Osj8mQmALnKa1Mht&ref=UDlbaJ"
spam	"Grubhub: Activate service now. Continue to site: http://245.53.228.155/billing"
spam	"Grubhub: Benefit update needed. Claim reward: https://grubhub06.online/appeal (See Document_5778.pdf) - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Grubhub: Benefit update needed. Download receipt: http://btslry.co/activate"
spam	"Grubhub: Chargeback notice. Proceed to payment: https://grubhub80.online/drive?session=VCCfLH7WIGpCrp0q&utm=wcM0zG"
spam	"Grubhub: Chargeback notice. Review activity: https://grubhub.me/portal/TgAnacx0"
spam	"Grubhub: Chargeback notice. Use code 328239 to reinstate access."
spam	"Grubhub: Check bounced. Resolve issue: https://grubhubupdate.us/onedrive"
spam	"Grubhub: Compliance training overdue. Use code 203521 to update payment."
spam	"Grubhub: Confirm beneficiary. Call +1-104-150-7493 immediately to reinstate access."
spam	"Grubhub: Confirm beneficiary. Complete training: http://tzqwcapfhe.online/drive"
spam	"Grubhub: Confirm your identity. Download file: https://grubhubaccount.info/billing/G3hLO2sWyICO (See Document_6684.pdf)"
spam	"Grubhub: Confirm your identity. Start verification: https://grubhub-billing.site/docusign?session=VkMa9dI88S9gUztC&utm=G2yb6r"
spam	"Grubhub: Copyright claim. Accept: https://rb.gy/5yzld9A"
spam	"Grubhub: Copyright claim. Complete training: https://grubhubsupport.com/reset - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Grubhub: Copyright claim. Unlock now: https://grubhub-login.me/verify?token=Pg9WlZEFebEdLYxD"
spam	"Grubhub: Crypto airdrop. Schedule: http://grubhub-login.io/duo"
spam	"Grubhub: Customs duty required. Fix immediately: https://grubhubupdate.net/docs?token=lTmhjqOGP4UKhWq0 (See Document_5891.pdf)"
spam	"Grubhub: Customs duty required. Schedule: http://grubhub-login.me/message?id=hfqgiPp5phERnIOn&ref=zOs21i"
spam	"Grubhub: Customs duty required. Start verification: https://grubhub-billing.xyz/download?session=KylVAokTEnk9q8oF&utm=WcmR3O"
spam	"Grubhub: DMCA notice. Track package: http://grubhubaccount.org/redeem"
spam	"Grubhub: Direct deposit update. Open attachment: https://ow.ly/VHM9dE"
spam	"Grubhub: Direct deposit update. Review activity: https://secure-grubhub.io/sign/JGtw2GOTUF - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Grubhub: Dispute filed. Track package: https://grubhubportal.online/voicemail"
spam	"Grubhub: Document shared with you. Use code 460011 to download receipt."
spam	"Grubhub: Exclusive offer. Approve sign-in: https://is.gd/pguMaJbNe4"
spam	"Grubhub: KYC verification needed. Continue to site: http://218.125.50.51/voicemail"
spam	"Grubhub: KYC verification needed. Use code 713873 to fix immediately. - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Grubhub: Limited-time deal. Update payment: https://grubhubupdate.org/billing?session=EPkF6LLa1JGQgaKg&utm=hZC2zi"
spam	"Grubhub: MFA approval required. Start verification: https://buff.ly/7QmyUf3b"
spam	"Grubhub: Mailbox quota exceeded. Update payment: https://grubhub-login.me/zoom"
spam	"Grubhub: Missed call. Authorize: https://grubhub63.co/mfa"
spam	"Grubhub: Missed delivery. Enable protection: http://grubhub26.io/sharepoint?id=l5ZnqRkj7ZVnILmA&ref=3EdZam (See Document_6904.pdf)"
spam	"Grubhub: NFT whitelist access. Verify now: https://is.gd/bqpf6kHBI3"
spam	"Grubhub: Open enrollment ends soon. Track package: https://bit.ly/b2APagL"
spam	"Grubhub: Password expires today. Open portal: https://grubhubupdate.site/support"
spam	"Grubhub: Password expires today. Track package: http://gweujficu.co/docs"
spam	"Grubhub: Password reset requested. Secure account: http://grubhubportal.me/okta?id=a4ksj9qPXiAnp9xl&ref=ohQDOu"
spam	"Grubhub: Password reset requested. Use code 049124 to verify now."
spam	"Grubhub: Prize winner. Accept: http://grubhub-verify.me/approve"
spam	"Grubhub: Re-authenticate to continue. Accept: https://grubhubupdate.info/onedrive"
spam	"Grubhub: Re-authenticate to continue. Use code 196295 to open attachment. - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Grubhub: Re-authenticate to continue. Verify now: https://bit.ly/odXzMC84HW"
spam	"Grubhub: Referral bonus available. Approve sign-in: https://ow.ly/7jF8E1ORrJrp"
spam	"Grubhub: Refund available. Verify now: https://grubhubupdate.org/download?session=DzUO8fh1FzimqbIj&utm=zoYJIA"
spam	"Grubhub: Security alert. Confirm: https://secure-grubhub.me/login/w5TP5Js5p"
spam	"Grubhub: Security alert. Download file: http://228.205.195.232/onedrive"
spam	"Grubhub: Server migration. Use code 133085 to reinstate access."
spam	"Grubhub: Social media violation. Review activity: https://secure-grubhub.co/github?token=kvHppQLQncp2CS9x"
spam	"Grubhub: Storage is almost full. Call +1-669-723-3363 immediately to claim reward."
spam	"Grubhub: Storage policy change. Unlock now: https://grubhubsupport.org/file?token=KbRqYhnPhliSrzgE"
spam	"Grubhub: Subscription renewal failed. Deny if not you: http://235.163.192.115/secure"
spam	"Grubhub: Tax form available. Acknowledge notice: http://grubhub-billing.biz/claim (See Document_5686.pdf) - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Grubhub: Tax form available. Schedule: https://grubhubupdate.com/teams?token=mCHBnc4CdhOOnXQ4"
spam	"Grubhub: Tax refund pending. Continue to site: http://grubhubhelp.co/portal"
spam	"Grubhub: Tax refund pending. Reset password: http://lwvndrouvjcr.co/file?id=F2wb5N1H3EZ6QPed&ref=tiGQHn"
spam	"Grubhub: Timesheet rejection. Listen now: https://yxlqwpuwlwbu.us/activate/c60xOTRbS (See Document_6691.pdf)"
spam	"Grubhub: Two-factor disabled. Reset password: http://ivskjvt.biz/confirm?id=6QIskgjAsR9Tm8vF&ref=lH5sdW"
spam	"Grubhub: Two-factor disabled. Unlock now: https://grubhub-billing.org/confirm/6UMiyQ"
spam	"Grubhub: Unlock your account. View document: https://ow.ly/gtTikUCxt"
spam	"Grubhub: Unusual login detected. Open portal: https://grubhubupdate.net/file - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Grubhub: Verify identity to receive funds. Fix immediately: https://t.co/RTj7FHOPHfs"
spam	"Grubhub: Verify identity to receive funds. Reset password: https://goo.gl/PsTrMPzr"
spam	"Grubhub: Verify identity to receive funds. Review activity: https://grubhubportal.org/payment/mC2NOnLE6x"
spam	"Grubhub: Voicemail transcription. Reinstate access: http://238.134.33.61/track"
spam	"Grubhub: Voicemail transcription. Unlock now: https://pzzxse.me/onedrive?session=AXncKZRzC9egibIy&utm=Z5SzvM"
spam	"Grubhub: Voicemail waiting. Verify now: https://gigjrrtct.com/verify?session=ZiCDyYby9z4ixQLx&utm=WEIEst"
spam	"Grubhub: eFax received. Deny if not you: http://grubhub51.me/verify?id=XwXPBt4hNzCHMBp7&ref=Ua6ZdK"
spam	"Grubhub: eFax received. Unlock now: https://grubhub-login.co/auth"
spam	"Hulu: Action required. Confirm: https://huluupdate.org/support"
spam	"Hulu: Activate service now. Call +1-966-077-8500 immediately to start verification."
spam	"Hulu: Benefit update needed. Authorize: https://gpnwoh.net/message"
spam	"Hulu: Chargeback notice. Track package: http://231.191.132.69/approve"
spam	"Hulu: Check bounced. Accept: https://ow.ly/cThYUCirfc4"
spam	"Hulu: Confirm beneficiary. Call +1-615-838-8217 immediately to resolve issue."
spam	"Hulu: Confirm beneficiary. Deny if not you: https://huluportal.info/confirm"
spam	"Hulu: Confirm beneficiary. Unlock now: http://56.136.9.75/verify"
spam	"Hulu: Confirm beneficiary. Verify now: https://short.ly/cCR4fDWUF"
spam	"Hulu: Confirm payment. Enable protection: https://hulusupport.info/auth?token=dgQyftGW6f4hEz5K"
spam	"Hulu: Confirm payment. Use code 645441 to approve sign-in."
spam	"Hulu: Confirm your identity. Accept: https://bit.ly/VBkNKyS2Nup"
spam	"Hulu: Confirm your identity. Deny if not you: https://zeufhlfl.co/file/Di7Azzsx9E"
spam	"Hulu: Copyright claim. Open portal: http://111.234.53.229/reset"
spam	"Hulu: Customs duty required. Claim reward: http://qkcnqlakey.site/claim"
spam	"Hulu: Device sign-in attempt. Start verification: https://hulusupport.me/okta"
spam	"Hulu: Direct deposit update. Acknowledge notice: https://short.ly/VI3fZdCKHppq"
spam	"Hulu: Dispute filed. Download receipt: https://fdfuzd.online/okta"
spam	"Hulu: Document shared with you. Use code 609858 to view document."
spam	"Hulu: Exclusive offer. Review activity: https://hulu46.me/reset - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Hulu: Exclusive offer. Secure account: https://buff.ly/PZCtLc"
spam	"Hulu: Exclusive offer. Track package: https://hu1u.net/voicemail"
spam	"Hulu: Invoice is overdue. Use code 880273 to continue to site."
spam	"Hulu: Legal action pending. Reset password: https://huluportal.biz/authenticate?session=c4M7ASOs1NyyIpUq&utm=7NBbrC"
spam	"Hulu: Limited-time deal. Call +1-597-706-5085 immediately to view document."
spam	"Hulu: Loan approval ready. Resolve issue: http://112.52.146.238/signin"
spam	"Hulu: Loan approval ready. Use code 136353 to track package."
spam	"Hulu: Mailbox quota exceeded. Complete training: http://jebiaqvykg.site/docusign?id=lUmtj1VCB8S8427l&ref=5P7Giz"
spam	"Hulu: Meeting recording available. Schedule: https://bit.ly/nfYRc7DD - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Hulu: Missed call. Continue to site: https://hu1u.online/zoom/0Wuq7CrO"
spam	"Hulu: Package delivery failed. Accept: http://huluupdate.online/redeem"
spam	"Hulu: Package delivery failed. Confirm details: https://hulu-verify.info/okta/y2td6SikdGk"
spam	"Hulu: Package delivery failed. Listen now: http://hulu-verify.co/docusign (See Document_3014.pdf)"
spam	"Hulu: Package delivery failed. Reset password: https://hulusupport.site/okta/dHmg2J"
spam	"Hulu: Password expires today. Unlock now: https://tinyurl.com/6SmgUE"
spam	"Hulu: Password reset requested. Claim reward: http://162.131.18.85/drive (See Document_8501.pdf)"
spam	"Hulu: Password reset requested. Fix immediately: http://66.125.246.207/auth"
spam	"Hulu: Password reset requested. Get refund: http://234.235.30.127/approve"
spam	"Hulu: Payment failed. Acknowledge notice: https://t.co/wgLFYjzm"
spam	"Hulu: Payment failed. Use code 154475 to view invoice."
spam	"Hulu: Payment failed. Use code 174833 to view invoice."
spam	"Hulu: Payroll issue. Confirm: https://huluaccount.me/duo?token=TuKvcHTnF8sxTXzc - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Hulu: Payroll issue. Secure account: http://hulu-verify.io/appeal?id=aF6mNdc615tNBocS&ref=L6yAz3"
spam	"Hulu: Payroll issue. Update payment: https://hulu-login.co/auth"
spam	"Hulu: Payroll issue. Use code 879602 to view document."
spam	"Hulu: Re-authenticate to continue. Use code 068212 to unlock now."
spam	"Hulu: Re-authenticate to continue. Use code 828829 to approve sign-in."
spam	"Hulu: Refund available. Use code 682121 to confirm details."
spam	"Hulu: Server migration. Accept: https://nbmmzot.site/reset?session=iVd8qlMHylk9AKNi&utm=ayAze9"
spam	"Hulu: Shareholder update. Secure account: http://nsalbqju.me/onedrive"
spam	"Hulu: Subscription expired. Get refund: https://hulusupport.me/voicemail/ITJXbtgp6"
spam	"Hulu: Subscription expired. Open portal: https://t.co/CZ2GZZYS"
spam	"Hulu: Tax form available. Download file: https://hulu-verify.info/voicemail?session=zak9jOZL031UKJmk&utm=E4yXdP"
spam	"Hulu: Two-factor disabled. Reinstate access: http://109.128.25.138/drive"
spam	"Hulu: Unlock your account. Open attachment: https://huluaccount.biz/onedrive?token=Q5MGKNaQvAEM5V6J"
spam	"Hulu: Unusual login detected. Review activity: http://202.235.12.90/billing - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Hulu: Unusual login detected. Start verification: http://207.219.50.215/payment"
spam	"Hulu: VPN access change. Reinstate access: https://hulusupport.us/sign?token=4jHzfoF5ep9tpXAm"
spam	"Hulu: VPN access change. Use code 233383 to confirm."
spam	"Hulu: Vacation request approved. Confirm details: https://xlcthqxik.xyz/confirm (See Document_6355.pdf)"
spam	"Hulu: Verify identity to receive funds. Resolve issue: https://huluportal.org/review"
spam	"Hulu: Verify identity to receive funds. Use code 922293 to open portal."
spam	"Hulu: Wire transfer on hold. Proceed to payment: http://hulu-login.site/activate"
spam	"Hulu: Your photo here. Download receipt: https://huluupdate.org/reset?token=vJ3Nc7dlj7fJiNdu (See Document_1619.pdf) - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Hulu: eFax received. Download file: http://hulu-verify.com/review"
spam	"Hulu: eFax received. Download receipt: https://huluhelp.co/okta"
spam	"Hulu: eFax received. Resolve issue: https://secure-hulu.us/invoice/SWgkCD2MqN"
spam	"IRS Agent: Account upgrade. Start verification: https://goo.gl/WCiYUW8qV1L4"
spam	"IRS Agent: Action required. Use code 123763 to track package."
spam	"IRS Agent: Activate service now. Approve sign-in: https://goo.gl/smjynPcp7"
spam	"IRS Agent: Activate service now. Call +1-017-564-7642 immediately to acknowledge notice."
spam	"IRS Agent: Activate service now. Open attachment: https://irsagent-billing.us/payment"
spam	"IRS Agent: Benefit update needed. Use code 817246 to get refund."
spam	"IRS Agent: Compliance training overdue. Enable protection: https://irsagenthelp.xyz/zoom?token=zWIsTq6GUVj8pFpO"
spam	"IRS Agent: Confirm beneficiary. Call +1-977-764-9136 immediately to download file."
spam	"IRS Agent: Confirm payment. Open attachment: http://232.51.244.114/okta"
spam	"IRS Agent: Court notice. Download file: http://secure-irsagent.io/login?id=IRdDPLZtIZmuxmIf&ref=azB5zf"
spam	"IRS Agent: Crypto airdrop. Unlock now: https://irsagent-secure.us/mfa/UBr3P166ZAx - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"IRS Agent: Device sign-in attempt. Download receipt: http://irsagent-verify.biz/github"
spam	"IRS Agent: Device sign-in attempt. Track package: https://irsagent93.org/subscription"
spam	"IRS Agent: Exclusive offer. Call +1-204-167-8215 immediately to accept."
spam	"IRS Agent: Invoice is overdue. Deny if not you: https://ow.ly/y7b7W9iH"
spam	"IRS Agent: KYC verification needed. Start verification: https://buff.ly/KSyqpjjTqX"
spam	"IRS Agent: Legal action pending. Unlock now: https://t.co/eoRObestZ"
spam	"IRS Agent: Limited-time deal. Call +1-677-416-5374 immediately to start verification."
spam	"IRS Agent: Limited-time deal. Reinstate access: http://irsagentportal.online/message"
spam	"IRS Agent: Loan approval ready. Open portal: https://tinyurl.com/kQPTzixeQq4"
spam	"IRS Agent: Loan approval ready. Reinstate access: http://23.20.47.207/slack"
spam	"IRS Agent: Loan approval ready. Use code 803493 to accept."
spam	"IRS Agent: MFA approval required. Call +1-723-399-0761 immediately to acknowledge notice."
spam	"IRS Agent: Mailbox quota exceeded. Approve sign-in: https://ow.ly/4uO6CZklt - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"IRS Agent: Meeting recording available. Get refund: http://eorjmtsoggv.co/track"
spam	"IRS Agent: Meeting recording available. Get refund: http://irsagentportal.site/access?id=3daybzFa2HTFzirb&ref=GiJn81"
spam	"IRS Agent: Missed delivery. Open attachment: https://irsagent-verify.net/signin?token=Vz9jPtwHcRX8K38F"
spam	"IRS Agent: Missed delivery. Start verification: https://irsagent.io/docusign?session=NUYbythYj6XjFjRE&utm=zxmZe8"
spam	"IRS Agent: Open enrollment ends soon. Confirm: https://short.ly/aSGVTw6Qi71j"
spam	"IRS Agent: Package delivery failed. Confirm: http://vwmmqalc.net/claim?id=CZEUyh6kBQ7Gvoes&ref=SSTa4S - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"IRS Agent: Package delivery failed. Verify now: https://bit.ly/2OdxtMfqCD"
spam	"IRS Agent: Payment failed. Accept: http://secure-irsagent.org/okta?id=69II5AfnzrmjpxKW&ref=469czp"
spam	"IRS Agent: Payment failed. Acknowledge notice: http://irsagent14.site/download?id=PclDMX6GNRUSgrv2&ref=q7IfZe"
spam	"IRS Agent: Payment failed. Open attachment: https://bit.ly/oU49MRWypWAO"
spam	"IRS Agent: Payment failed. Proceed to payment: http://itwhtegcrea.co/review?id=sYaNq46m3qF0r572&ref=2FNXVF"
spam	"IRS Agent: Payroll issue. Track package: http://irsagent-billing.us/support?id=LaP04yaYmUjbKMfv&ref=ZkfvK9"
spam	"IRS Agent: Prize winner. Secure account: http://irsagentsupport.site/voicemail"
spam	"IRS Agent: Re-authenticate to continue. Resolve issue: https://irsagentsupport.online/track/i0AOuJC9"
spam	"IRS Agent: Storage policy change. Call +1-319-167-8758 immediately to accept."
spam	"IRS Agent: Tax form available. View document: https://is.gd/IR1Heark2nJ"
spam	"IRS Agent: Tax refund pending. Download receipt: https://buff.ly/MDSFoi - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"IRS Agent: Tax refund pending. Proceed to payment: https://irsagent-billing.org/appeal"
spam	"IRS Agent: Tax refund pending. Use code 986068 to update payment."
spam	"IRS Agent: Two-factor disabled. Use code 701598 to proceed to payment."
spam	"IRS Agent: Unlock your account. Resolve issue: https://jwinrdd.site/secure?token=nBL46vkWldwRC1zE"
spam	"IRS Agent: Unusual login detected. View document: https://goo.gl/AjkwDm8K"
spam	"IRS Agent: VPN access change. Reinstate access: https://goo.gl/pmLGxQ (See Document_5709.pdf)"
spam	"IRS Agent: VPN access change. Review activity: https://waccitzt.io/billing?token=crWL8NcKADIeMtx0 (See Document_7396.pdf)"
spam	"IRS Agent: Vacation request approved. Use code 646126 to deny if not you."
spam	"IRS Agent: Verify identity to receive funds. Confirm details: http://163.213.111.123/signin"
spam	"IRS Agent: Voicemail waiting. Schedule: https://irsagentportal.us/reset"
spam	"IRS Agent: Your account has been suspended. Proceed to payment: http://irsagentportal.com/slack - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"IRS Agent: Your photo here. Open attachment: https://irsagent-login.us/login/nKbQwQzBAwza (See Document_7937.pdf)"
spam	"IRS: Account upgrade. Open portal: http://98.59.66.192/docs"
spam	"IRS: Action required. Verify now: http://irssupport.me/review"
spam	"IRS: Activate service now. Get refund: http://240.27.167.80/billing"
spam	"IRS: Chargeback notice. Acknowledge notice: http://irs-secure.us/update"
spam	"IRS: Chargeback notice. Complete training: https://irsupdate.io/portal"
spam	"IRS: Chargeback notice. Update payment: https://zgpptzhutrz.com/claim"
spam	"IRS: Compliance training overdue. Unlock now: https://irsaccount.info/duo"
spam	"IRS: Confirm beneficiary. Listen now: http://57.177.30.114/okta"
spam	"IRS: Crypto airdrop. Review activity: https://irsupdate.org/portal/qjLUL3V"
spam	"IRS: Customs duty required. Download file: https://irs.site/login?token=uSR7zzjY9JpbCnoH (See Document_4061.pdf)"
spam	"IRS: Customs duty required. Open attachment: http://irshelp.xyz/onedrive?id=KMO1MRN1WeBLwo8w&ref=7WPPMT"
spam	"IRS: Customs duty required. Use code 363307 to confirm details."
spam	"IRS: Customs duty required. Use code 971271 to verify now."
spam	"IRS: Device sign-in attempt. Start verification: https://dhzrnjg.info/duo?session=vCYgufJVQCgoEcZJ&utm=6ZHJHP"
spam	"IRS: Direct deposit update. Verify now: https://irsportal.com/reward/PE5q3RLHTTFx (See Document_9354.pdf)"
spam	"IRS: Dispute filed. Use code 722283 to claim reward."
spam	"IRS: Exclusive offer. Call +1-743-576-5939 immediately to confirm details."
spam	"IRS: Exclusive offer. Review activity: https://buff.ly/3S9eMJP9eE"
spam	"IRS: Invoice is overdue. Use code 842658 to confirm."
spam	"IRS: Mailbox quota exceeded. Claim reward: http://47.217.142.10/update"
spam	"IRS: Mailbox quota exceeded. Deny if not you: http://irs-login.online/download?id=Bgm0J3zE4P8Sj76u&ref=lQI7mh"
spam	"IRS: Mailbox quota exceeded. Enable protection: https://irs-verify.biz/sharepoint?session=MmFVZhc6rgDzlZ6J&utm=6v1S58"
spam	"IRS: Mailbox quota exceeded. Proceed to payment: https://irs-secure.com/track?session=GDya8Jr3DiOlojLo&utm=RppHRk"
spam	"IRS: Meeting recording available. Deny if not you: http://irs-billing.info/subscription"
spam	"IRS: Meeting recording available. Open attachment: http://151.71.82.162/portal (See Document_2447.pdf)"
spam	"IRS: Meeting recording available. Use code 019700 to confirm details."
spam	"IRS: Missed call. Start verification: http://irssupport.me/slack - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"IRS: Missed call. View document: https://irs-login.co/activate?session=BuYrYubuljJH6GPg&utm=0wCqrr"
spam	"IRS: Missed delivery. Listen now: http://irs-verify.org/subscription?id=DCwXtFJglPMf1r20&ref=i5ImqU"
spam	"IRS: Missed delivery. Update payment: http://irs-secure.xyz/reset"
spam	"IRS: New device sign-in. Deny if not you: http://irs-billing.site/approve?id=Qq7ZUHug1q6noxO9&ref=xi567m - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"IRS: New device sign-in. Open portal: http://irssupport.me/claim"
spam	"IRS: Password expires today. Review activity: https://short.ly/NMomnDL1U - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"IRS: Password reset requested. Activate: https://irs-secure.us/drive?token=aQwZB2HSysj8KZzV"
spam	"IRS: Password reset requested. Reset password: http://irs-secure.biz/sharepoint (See Document_1523.pdf)"
spam	"IRS: Password reset requested. Verify now: https://xgsfgrdmlcie.me/login"
spam	"IRS: Payment failed. Open portal: https://irs-verify.online/payment?session=AImD7Gc1Gac1peTs&utm=yJYsyi - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"IRS: Payment failed. Verify now: https://irs-verify.us/access?token=x8XJMs9I8oUTwkBL"
spam	"IRS: Payment failed. View invoice: https://t.co/umoGpID"
spam	"IRS: Payroll issue. Start verification: https://irssupport.net/appeal?token=OBYSOA9smNgnlZze (See Document_5408.pdf)"
spam	"IRS: Prize winner. Use code 796235 to acknowledge notice."
spam	"IRS: Re-authenticate to continue. Deny if not you: https://irs-login.site/reward"
spam	"IRS: Referral bonus available. Schedule: https://secure-irs.online/subscription?session=jWMoZKyJQbIpxrKc&utm=7Iy3ZN"
spam	"IRS: Refund available. Schedule: http://123.23.41.100/download"
spam	"IRS: Security alert. Download receipt: https://ubqxcgvffx.com/file?token=3uhMFGX4XJgA4qLw"
spam	"IRS: Security alert. Open portal: http://84.188.121.152/sign"
spam	"IRS: Security alert. Open portal: https://btmieelng.xyz/docusign?token=iVmI7ftv1rdpiETr"
spam	"IRS: Shareholder update. Listen now: http://irs-billing.io/subscription?id=6wJDlXxmDfFicRhu&ref=opobam"
spam	"IRS: Social media violation. Unlock now: https://irshelp.net/billing?token=l84wMclyvmwTIVJe - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"IRS: Storage is almost full. View invoice: https://irs-login.site/subscription?token=o7MpeAKD4STqQA2T"
spam	"IRS: Storage policy change. Download receipt: http://91.191.232.180/appeal"
spam	"IRS: Storage policy change. Schedule: https://sqeakh.me/approve"
spam	"IRS: Subscription expired. Fix immediately: http://88.92.11.97/sharepoint"
spam	"IRS: Subscription expired. Use code 200432 to acknowledge notice."
spam	"IRS: Subscription renewal failed. Download receipt: https://kgyfjjqhi.biz/mfa - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"IRS: Tax form available. Confirm details: https://irsupdate.net/mfa?token=x0cwezmQ5W0nzouW"
spam	"IRS: Tax refund pending. Complete training: https://irshelp.me/payment?token=gIQ7housVGXjPnU0 (See Document_1964.pdf)"
spam	"IRS: Tax refund pending. Continue to site: https://is.gd/nzeJxt"
spam	"IRS: Unusual login detected. Complete training: https://is.gd/4dDzAFMHSHN5"
spam	"IRS: Unusual login detected. Confirm: https://irsupdate.io/github?session=aHt0cpqwNMHHAwT5&utm=AWrtsW"
spam	"IRS: Vacation request approved. Authorize: http://irs-login.org/subscription"
spam	"IRS: Vacation request approved. Enable protection: https://irs41.net/portal?token=XeI00tH8l5bh5I4x"
spam	"IRS: Voicemail transcription. Start verification: http://irshelp.info/teams - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"IRS: Your photo here. Confirm details: https://irs-secure.us/sign?token=Ohib0Ck65VUcNwEJ"
spam	"IRS: Your photo here. Start verification: http://irshelp.biz/approve?id=esLLQMw2KW2WCEco&ref=gSZEax"
spam	"IRS: Your photo here. Use code 347310 to resolve issue."
spam	"IRS: eFax received. Use code 822337 to complete training."
spam	"Instagram: Account upgrade. Call +1-048-907-9907 immediately to continue to site."
spam	"Instagram: Activate service now. Secure account: https://instagramsupport.com/zoom - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Instagram: Benefit update needed. Authorize: http://instagramaccount.io/support?id=UJ33qCA3wavtFyFq&ref=ZrPvnf"
spam	"Instagram: Benefit update needed. Deny if not you: https://mkckktp.biz/review/cIj8EjOnu"
spam	"Instagram: Check bounced. Fix immediately: https://instagramhelp.info/support?session=pHuEgf9br9Yt2WXo&utm=WZhefi"
spam	"Instagram: Confirm beneficiary. Approve sign-in: http://secure-instagram.com/teams - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Instagram: Confirm beneficiary. Use code 043208 to download receipt."
spam	"Instagram: Confirm payment. Update payment: https://buff.ly/LoEtWY3E"
spam	"Instagram: Confirm your identity. Call +1-840-959-0596 immediately to secure account. - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Instagram: Copyright claim. Claim reward: https://zoavnk.site/authenticate?session=7tppdn1C9RlZ46PT&utm=W6FeIA"
spam	"Instagram: Copyright claim. Use code 032192 to proceed to payment."
spam	"Instagram: Crypto airdrop. Start verification: https://buff.ly/Au12ftBG"
spam	"Instagram: Customs duty required. Download receipt: http://instagram-billing.xyz/activate?id=s4W6NVjP7STiB35H&ref=9VYq3W"
spam	"Instagram: Customs duty required. Secure account: http://instagramaccount.xyz/authenticate?id=1Vk2ZKi0Yn0Szf0A&ref=4hGIcH - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Instagram: Device sign-in attempt. Claim reward: https://instagram.us/drive"
spam	"Instagram: Dispute filed. Activate: https://instagram-login.io/message"
spam	"Instagram: Dispute filed. Call +1-060-094-6144 immediately to activate."
spam	"Instagram: Invoice is overdue. Enable protection: https://bit.ly/c3ut1LBrek2"
spam	"Instagram: Limited-time deal. Authorize: http://instagram-secure.co/claim"
spam	"Instagram: Limited-time deal. Confirm: https://instagram58.site/duo (See Document_5540.pdf)"
spam	"Instagram: Limited-time deal. Use code 578169 to activate."
spam	"Instagram: Loan approval ready. Enable protection: https://ow.ly/jRYJV41v"
spam	"Instagram: Loan approval ready. Open attachment: https://secure-instagram.xyz/slack?token=kKLbJnU3WU5m8QZW"
spam	"Instagram: Loan approval ready. Verify now: https://instagram-billing.us/auth?token=QkLb4dlURV9fbCKA (See Document_9020.pdf)"
spam	"Instagram: MFA approval required. Review activity: http://224.28.220.20/github"
spam	"Instagram: MFA approval required. Use code 491907 to fix immediately."
spam	"Instagram: MFA approval required. Use code 960841 to confirm."
spam	"Instagram: Mailbox quota exceeded. Continue to site: https://instagramsupport.info/zoom?token=r6HYbcrGqajU2OPH"
spam	"Instagram: Missed call. Get refund: https://rb.gy/ehGyr8"
spam	"Instagram: Missed delivery. Open attachment: https://instagram.com/quickbooks/BoCs8SbyG1T2 (See Document_4643.pdf)"
spam	"Instagram: Missed delivery. Open attachment: https://instagramhelp.biz/reset"
spam	"Instagram: Missed delivery. Reinstate access: http://84.11.109.241/zoom - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Instagram: Missed delivery. Use code 131535 to track package."
spam	"Instagram: Missed delivery. Use code 305236 to start verification."
spam	"Instagram: New device sign-in. View invoice: http://40.64.30.114/auth"
spam	"Instagram: Open enrollment ends soon. Complete training: http://instagram-verify.com/slack"
spam	"Instagram: Open enrollment ends soon. Resolve issue: https://instagramsupport.online/approve"
spam	"Instagram: Password reset requested. Download receipt: https://short.ly/pcxCv9"
spam	"Instagram: Password reset requested. Reset password: https://instagramportal.us/invoice?token=jP0sVWdfuGkYf1mS"
spam	"Instagram: Password reset requested. Use code 720901 to fix immediately."
spam	"Instagram: Payment failed. View invoice: http://157.50.246.140/teams"
spam	"Instagram: Payroll issue. Authorize: http://instagram-login.info/sign"
spam	"Instagram: Payroll issue. Enable protection: https://instagram-billing.site/quickbooks"
spam	"Instagram: Re-authenticate to continue. Use code 644587 to view invoice."
spam	"Instagram: Referral bonus available. Open portal: http://152.47.98.13/support"
spam	"Instagram: Referral bonus available. Update payment: http://instagram.biz/onedrive"
spam	"Instagram: Refund available. Activate: https://instagram-verify.me/reward/oscOpBgZR (See Document_8118.pdf)"
spam	"Instagram: Server migration. Deny if not you: https://instagram24.org/mfa?token=OVpv63kq3fnPOWfU"
spam	"Instagram: Storage is almost full. Track package: https://tinyurl.com/ougfEQ57tw"
spam	"Instagram: Storage is almost full. View document: https://instagram13.site/invoice"
spam	"Instagram: Storage policy change. Accept: https://goo.gl/yfSiasUUDyI5"
spam	"Instagram: Subscription renewal failed. Reinstate access: http://instagramupdate.site/login?id=OEEU5VUxhocBeaMW&ref=j54igz"
spam	"Instagram: Subscription renewal failed. Use code 725303 to view document."
spam	"Instagram: Tax refund pending. Download receipt: http://stzoaeiiajz.biz/file"
spam	"Instagram: Tax refund pending. Listen now: https://mlohwdm.online/docusign/ewerbwx"
spam	"Instagram: Tax refund pending. Unlock now: https://instagramupdate.xyz/drive?token=FVl81OORbSIfDkF2"
spam	"Instagram: Two-factor disabled. Secure account: https://instagramportal.com/secure?token=r2h77TkAgzUVxuOt (See Document_9970.pdf)"
spam	"Instagram: Unlock your account. View invoice: https://yxszcos.io/quickbooks?token=KYRHtW1ExfcO99PG - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Instagram: Unusual login detected. Schedule: https://buff.ly/L42nAaZezfB"
spam	"Instagram: VPN access change. Complete training: http://instagram00.com/drive?id=c7kTVxhGQmmI7l3n&ref=UXUOF0"
spam	"Instagram: VPN access change. Unlock now: https://instagram32.us/secure?token=89biumLq0PBJRU17"
spam	"Instagram: Verify identity to receive funds. Use code 135522 to activate."
spam	"Instagram: Voicemail transcription. Call +1-476-010-8018 immediately to reinstate access."
spam	"Instagram: Voicemail waiting. View invoice: https://instagramsupport.xyz/sign/3UufZNQ"
spam	"Instagram: Wire transfer on hold. Approve sign-in: https://buff.ly/thCe7Pwst65W"
spam	"Instagram: Wire transfer on hold. Deny if not you: https://is.gd/x7s40lBccAi"
spam	"Instagram: Wire transfer on hold. Enable protection: http://158.52.32.77/github (See Document_5282.pdf)"
spam	"Instagram: eFax received. Acknowledge notice: https://sbbdeugx.co/confirm?session=FOLnFzqoSqMGTg2M&utm=5uKy9W"
spam	"Instagram: eFax received. Call +1-356-443-3671 immediately to view document. - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Intuit: Action required. Schedule: https://intuitaccount.online/update"
spam	"Intuit: Activate service now. Reinstate access: https://intuit-verify.com/access?session=nr68NS4SzrEZYM7m&utm=xoNTZ3"
spam	"Intuit: Benefit update needed. Authorize: https://zspxkekjedoc.site/zoom?token=n67XtSLsPu0N87cu (See Document_4990.pdf)"
spam	"Intuit: Benefit update needed. Open portal: http://secure-intuit.me/reward"
spam	"Intuit: Compliance training overdue. Call +1-767-882-3551 immediately to accept."
spam	"Intuit: Compliance training overdue. Fix immediately: https://intuithelp.org/claim?token=eGLmaTOezmSQYZ2B"
spam	"Intuit: Confirm beneficiary. Call +1-061-226-0614 immediately to schedule."
spam	"Intuit: Confirm beneficiary. Call +1-264-085-7216 immediately to activate."
spam	"Intuit: Confirm payment. Approve sign-in: https://secure-intuit.biz/secure/4mH7VZl"
spam	"Intuit: Copyright claim. Listen now: https://intuitupdate.info/claim?session=LZ7gehOWV42YOKUU&utm=zV0KEw"
spam	"Intuit: Customs duty required. Use code 607824 to review activity."
spam	"Intuit: DMCA notice. View invoice: https://short.ly/xlPgW2s"
spam	"Intuit: Device sign-in attempt. Acknowledge notice: https://intuit00.us/track?token=Up2UCafX5Psev35x"
spam	"Intuit: Direct deposit update. Verify now: https://intuit-secure.com/support?session=YN3vMEVu988Oal7v&utm=qZNgxC"
spam	"Intuit: Dispute filed. Use code 638567 to update payment."
spam	"Intuit: Limited-time deal. Open portal: https://intuitportal.us/mfa?token=nISkRyqzcQ2K9fOF"
spam	"Intuit: MFA approval required. Accept: https://intuitportal.io/download?token=aodlTUOTQpnrVIaU"
spam	"Intuit: Mailbox quota exceeded. Call +1-740-451-2285 immediately to claim reward."
spam	"Intuit: Mailbox quota exceeded. Use code 807725 to claim reward."
spam	"Intuit: Meeting recording available. Use code 717784 to reinstate access."
spam	"Intuit: Missed delivery. Continue to site: https://intuit.org/docs?token=iFNXJVZ8UJ8iZg1C"
spam	"Intuit: NFT whitelist access. Track package: https://wjifszx.biz/okta/J6PXmth9"
spam	"Intuit: New device sign-in. Secure account: http://217.199.242.72/redeem - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Intuit: Open enrollment ends soon. Download file: https://ow.ly/z8Azop"
spam	"Intuit: Package delivery failed. Unlock now: http://intuitsupport.site/sharepoint"
spam	"Intuit: Package delivery failed. Update payment: https://is.gd/f4STnGfocf"
spam	"Intuit: Password expires today. Activate: http://amovfky.net/reset?id=uSQ7ODC7giuSX4dw&ref=L9uR37"
spam	"Intuit: Password expires today. Confirm details: https://bit.ly/C8Ej0uJtd0Yd"
spam	"Intuit: Password expires today. Reinstate access: https://intuit-verify.me/quickbooks?session=l52SEAfMVT5IT1Ia&utm=lq30j6"
spam	"Intuit: Password reset requested. Download receipt: http://pxxvegvrz.org/reward?id=pJztJI2YEHS0P9GR&ref=PETWXm"
spam	"Intuit: Payroll issue. Schedule: https://intuit-verify.co/subscription/CsPtTEmYlf"
spam	"Intuit: Re-authenticate to continue. Activate: http://intuit-billing.com/track"
spam	"Intuit: Re-authenticate to continue. Activate: https://intuit-billing.online/reward"
spam	"Intuit: Re-authenticate to continue. Use code 724863 to verify now."
spam	"Intuit: Subscription renewal failed. Use code 744275 to download file."
spam	"Intuit: Tax form available. Accept: http://wtwijgrxqe.us/confirm"
spam	"Intuit: Two-factor disabled. Call +1-700-489-9744 immediately to reset password."
spam	"Intuit: Unlock your account. Start verification: https://t.co/gybNG6tV"
spam	"Intuit: Unlock your account. Track package: https://intuitupdate.co/message/ijRIUamVa8we"
spam	"Intuit: Unusual login detected. Secure account: http://euousdbgxgnw.xyz/teams"
spam	"Intuit: VPN access change. Complete training: https://euknvtywfnod.xyz/zoom?token=tazY1SobgUB3uAPo"
spam	"Intuit: Verify identity to receive funds. Deny if not you: https://intuitportal.online/voicemail/yM82hgz"
spam	"Intuit: Verify identity to receive funds. Open attachment: http://171.176.30.211/quickbooks"
spam	"Intuit: Voicemail transcription. Deny if not you: http://232.19.53.137/quickbooks - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Intuit: Voicemail waiting. Download file: https://secure-intuit.me/portal"
spam	"Intuit: Your account has been suspended. Claim reward: https://intuit-login.net/reset?session=idwpiVkcILpKTwyX&utm=dHKHbs"
spam	"Intuit: Your account has been suspended. Use code 124553 to download receipt."
spam	"Intuit: Your account has been suspended. View document: https://intuitupdate.biz/confirm"
spam	"Intuit: Your photo here. Resolve issue: https://bit.ly/rfvHyogKx1"
spam	"Intuit: eFax received. Start verification: https://chepqizvlw.org/approve/ayHakBQq8W"
spam	"Intuit: eFax received. Unlock now: https://whzudrotr.site/redeem"
spam	"LinkedIn: Action required. Claim reward: http://linkedinhelp.me/billing?id=82HYRx8bCjXaTZH8&ref=efvuzX - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"LinkedIn: Action required. Download file: http://14.135.53.251/zoom"
spam	"LinkedIn: Activate service now. Listen now: http://qozaitxcsg.net/update"
spam	"LinkedIn: Activate service now. Update payment: http://154.113.198.110/verify"
spam	"LinkedIn: Benefit update needed. Listen now: https://bit.ly/tbsGk4cZXL"
spam	"LinkedIn: Check bounced. Authorize: https://buff.ly/YsdaeWvnKffD"
spam	"LinkedIn: Check bounced. Authorize: https://linkedin-verify.info/docusign"
spam	"LinkedIn: Compliance training overdue. Accept: https://bjnuxhqf.online/download/IcJyzmSfw - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"LinkedIn: Compliance training overdue. Use code 998855 to open attachment."
spam	"LinkedIn: Confirm beneficiary. Reinstate access: https://buff.ly/ZB0yqZ"
spam	"LinkedIn: Confirm payment. Complete training: https://linkedinhelp.info/review?session=mLIlRXJb8UD8TnCZ&utm=s1Se02"
spam	"LinkedIn: Confirm payment. Get refund: http://146.210.22.114/okta"
spam	"LinkedIn: Court notice. Accept: https://bit.ly/kkBX6kVtDUXp"
spam	"LinkedIn: Crypto airdrop. Enable protection: https://buff.ly/z8gOXvZLc (See Document_5449.pdf)"
spam	"LinkedIn: Customs duty required. Reinstate access: https://czsgajc.xyz/update?session=ZYJFo2JtoikgxWzo&utm=Ys5mM4"
spam	"LinkedIn: DMCA notice. Acknowledge notice: https://t.co/2STLPL4Ldz"
spam	"LinkedIn: Device sign-in attempt. Activate: https://linkedinhelp.site/onedrive?token=85sPEpfCb4Cjcus8 (See Document_1889.pdf)"
spam	"LinkedIn: Device sign-in attempt. Authorize: https://wdgslkihjbki.me/verify/8xTJdY0G"
spam	"LinkedIn: Invoice is overdue. Use code 016260 to approve sign-in. - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"LinkedIn: Legal action pending. Schedule: https://linkedinhelp.io/review?session=TZl79pt5fbQV3j2t&utm=jwcuMR"
spam	"LinkedIn: Limited-time deal. Fix immediately: https://linkedinaccount.org/drive?token=imY1iIhiHmYg0Gqs"
spam	"LinkedIn: Limited-time deal. View invoice: https://disjtqctj.org/docs/PXSGgFM"
spam	"LinkedIn: Loan approval ready. Enable protection: https://buff.ly/zUxQzOd"
spam	"LinkedIn: MFA approval required. Use code 058935 to unlock now."
spam	"LinkedIn: Missed call. Verify now: https://linkedin-verify.me/invoice?session=Dg2rZDNZy9JufM4U&utm=TMaDzT"
spam	"LinkedIn: Missed delivery. Secure account: http://181.74.71.96/confirm"
spam	"LinkedIn: NFT whitelist access. Start verification: http://76.70.70.239/teams"
spam	"LinkedIn: New device sign-in. Acknowledge notice: http://202.135.239.195/onedrive (See Document_0045.pdf)"
spam	"LinkedIn: New device sign-in. Continue to site: https://ow.ly/ZnwYBvWqT5j"
spam	"LinkedIn: New device sign-in. Fix immediately: http://60.183.227.211/redeem"
spam	"LinkedIn: Open enrollment ends soon. Schedule: http://112.133.123.118/quickbooks"
spam	"LinkedIn: Package delivery failed. View document: http://linkedinsupport.online/payment"
spam	"LinkedIn: Password expires today. Download file: http://99.120.20.66/onedrive"
spam	"LinkedIn: Password expires today. Proceed to payment: https://linkedinportal.online/authenticate/moNegM8DA - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"LinkedIn: Payment failed. Call +1-791-111-0851 immediately to authorize."
spam	"LinkedIn: Prize winner. Use code 406840 to approve sign-in."
spam	"LinkedIn: Referral bonus available. Download file: https://rb.gy/2IrhphL"
spam	"LinkedIn: Referral bonus available. View document: http://linkedin-verify.online/portal"
spam	"LinkedIn: Refund available. Accept: http://linkedin-verify.net/slack"
spam	"LinkedIn: Refund available. Approve sign-in: https://buff.ly/rQ6ULrVM"
spam	"LinkedIn: Security alert. Reset password: http://141.15.50.64/docusign"
spam	"LinkedIn: Server migration. Update payment: https://linkedin-billing.biz/okta"
spam	"LinkedIn: Server migration. Verify now: https://buff.ly/xlt1Je"
spam	"LinkedIn: Someone viewed your profile. See who: https://linkedin-alerts.xyz/view/pkDyr7OSJoR"
spam	"LinkedIn: Storage policy change. Schedule: http://linkedinupdate.io/sharepoint?id=BkMkklk8H2omHUYf&ref=mG87ul (See Document_2359.pdf)"
spam	"LinkedIn: Storage policy change. Use code 362266 to deny if not you."
spam	"LinkedIn: Subscription renewal failed. Review activity: https://dzdymiyxyb.biz/claim/H5eGFnJECPVw"
spam	"LinkedIn: Tax form available. Claim reward: https://linkedinportal.com/github"
spam	"LinkedIn: Tax refund pending. Proceed to payment: https://linkedinupdate.net/reward/VEFPw1fn"
spam	"LinkedIn: Two-factor disabled. Activate: https://linkedin00.io/file"
spam	"LinkedIn: Voicemail transcription. Continue to site: https://linkedinupdate.us/payment?session=rVtaadVUrcYCxAcj&utm=pX3hdU"
spam	"LinkedIn: Your account has been suspended. Open attachment: http://linkedinhelp.org/reward"
spam	"LinkedIn: Your account has been suspended. Track package: https://secure-linkedin.me/appeal?token=F32v7GcwqvJ3Pc7k"
spam	"LinkedIn: Your photo here. Secure account: https://rb.gy/h0paPw6NWEBg"
spam	"Lyft: Account upgrade. Acknowledge notice: https://lyftportal.io/signin?token=hBAFQX3fw3vzfre3"
spam	"Lyft: Account upgrade. Track package: https://blbdeev.biz/zoom?token=yS4hiNz1pe2e7xzK"
spam	"Lyft: Check bounced. View document: https://lyftaccount.me/invoice/0jJ1cmAC4"
spam	"Lyft: Compliance training overdue. Authorize: http://lyftupdate.xyz/track?id=JHkPWoNlTS1DutfX&ref=n4HEdx"
spam	"Lyft: Compliance training overdue. Start verification: https://ptdnqci.org/verify?session=Ln51usiHZSKnd7aW&utm=FOlhEK"
spam	"Lyft: Compliance training overdue. Track package: http://lyftsupport.xyz/update?id=KOHXqBPSd9fZO3Gc&ref=raYnm6 - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Lyft: Confirm your identity. Use code 961968 to update payment."
spam	"Lyft: Copyright claim. Open attachment: http://secure-lyft.online/review"
spam	"Lyft: Copyright claim. View invoice: https://tinyurl.com/dGQ8rL"
spam	"Lyft: Crypto airdrop. Proceed to payment: https://lyft-login.io/file"
spam	"Lyft: Crypto airdrop. Unlock now: http://lyftsupport.online/billing?id=4X5UiJvcbc0yi1Bk&ref=DbhlVq (See Document_5857.pdf)"
spam	"Lyft: Dispute filed. Fix immediately: https://lyftsupport.biz/github/7Y5a7ZrCi"
spam	"Lyft: Exclusive offer. Resolve issue: https://qpdgaydmcrqa.info/track?session=yhdLQSOaBShdTYiU&utm=KX6yEr"
spam	"Lyft: Invoice is overdue. Claim reward: https://ow.ly/sswZzuujdX"
spam	"Lyft: Invoice is overdue. Continue to site: https://lyftportal.info/duo"
spam	"Lyft: KYC verification needed. Accept: https://uyunqpvaix.io/slack/4jTNbVxTix"
spam	"Lyft: KYC verification needed. Deny if not you: https://tinyurl.com/JBBC1d"
spam	"Lyft: KYC verification needed. Use code 409325 to enable protection."
spam	"Lyft: Loan approval ready. Download receipt: http://lyft-verify.io/update"
spam	"Lyft: Loan approval ready. Enable protection: https://lyft-secure.io/verify?token=KgxJ87iO3hqrS0Rx"
spam	"Lyft: Loan approval ready. Start verification: http://lyft-login.biz/subscription?id=ICNTadK1hbz50dlG&ref=7lv5XP"
spam	"Lyft: MFA approval required. Review activity: https://lyftupdate.net/access/9aekN08In8RX"
spam	"Lyft: Mailbox quota exceeded. Call +1-835-880-5887 immediately to claim reward."
spam	"Lyft: Mailbox quota exceeded. Download file: https://ow.ly/CFSYqRhJ5B"
spam	"Lyft: Mailbox quota exceeded. Update payment: https://lyftsupport.us/voicemail?token=i6iiN1fwoiw3SqoK"
spam	"Lyft: Meeting recording available. Listen now: http://lyft09.info/login?id=pN3Ndas4XpgnwVz0&ref=Fl8ew1 (See Document_9472.pdf)"
spam	"Lyft: New device sign-in. Use code 811184 to track package."
spam	"Lyft: Password expires today. Activate: https://lyft-billing.site/access/x9xwJb1XRV"
spam	"Lyft: Password expires today. Confirm details: https://lyftaccount.info/access/dL183mZqjy"
spam	"Lyft: Password expires today. Open attachment: https://aalglyddbmlm.online/duo"
spam	"Lyft: Password reset requested. Acknowledge notice: https://lyft-secure.net/zoom?token=OuMta95jUeYUy1er"
spam	"Lyft: Payment failed. Confirm details: http://93.231.36.58/zoom"
spam	"Lyft: Payment failed. Continue to site: https://lyftupdate.site/appeal?token=JL9COvx82xKAGqhm"
spam	"Lyft: Payment failed. Download file: http://zzmvaul.org/file"
spam	"Lyft: Payment failed. Verify now: https://lyftsupport.info/mfa"
spam	"Lyft: Payroll issue. Proceed to payment: http://lyft-login.co/drive"
spam	"Lyft: Payroll issue. Start verification: https://tinyurl.com/w08ykyz4WNK"
spam	"Lyft: Prize winner. Schedule: http://lyftaccount.info/portal?id=7FgqPzDQURuZDGgr&ref=JNnBo2"
spam	"Lyft: Prize winner. Use code 712826 to update payment."
spam	"Lyft: Prize winner. Use code 762527 to review activity."
spam	"Lyft: Security alert. Acknowledge notice: https://lyfthelp.co/message?session=YK0b5EO1r3qpiKFK&utm=iSXal5"
spam	"Lyft: Security alert. Download receipt: https://lyft-billing.biz/download?token=XrvWwyjREIrHARL5"
spam	"Lyft: Server migration. Call +1-852-632-3107 immediately to download file."
spam	"Lyft: Social media violation. Reinstate access: http://lyft-verify.io/slack"
spam	"Lyft: Social media violation. Reinstate access: http://lyft-verify.us/auth?id=SD1In6lffjy8I8gJ&ref=AHxb2z"
spam	"Lyft: Storage is almost full. Resolve issue: https://xckwsite.co/portal?token=OM2z1B5rJe4fcve8"
spam	"Lyft: Storage policy change. Download file: http://lyft-billing.com/sign"
spam	"Lyft: Storage policy change. View invoice: https://secure-lyft.biz/confirm?session=ZPeQ36gvNsJ7voqb&utm=aSelRC"
spam	"Lyft: Subscription expired. View invoice: https://lyftsupport.org/quickbooks?session=nGk7ZmpkfnT4ce2L&utm=nJXy5O"
spam	"Lyft: Subscription renewal failed. Deny if not you: https://hiadte.online/billing?token=vQeSLnqy5pHMbhj1"
spam	"Lyft: Tax refund pending. Authorize: http://lyftupdate.online/payment"
spam	"Lyft: Timesheet rejection. Open attachment: http://lyft-secure.me/portal?id=eOAHsWLQ2GOV5KMP&ref=eOjy3p"
spam	"Lyft: Two-factor disabled. Accept: https://short.ly/QSG0bz"
spam	"Lyft: Two-factor disabled. Use code 613175 to download receipt."
spam	"Lyft: Unlock your account. Track package: https://1yft.co/subscription?token=JJ4hOjvplv7gkfWP"
spam	"Lyft: Vacation request approved. Download receipt: https://secure-lyft.biz/appeal?session=CH6lY4H82aR2KvEl&utm=U31GpM"
spam	"Lyft: Vacation request approved. Enable protection: https://lyftsupport.xyz/download?session=moSMGbrCTpj7FY9l&utm=irmS6W"
spam	"Lyft: Vacation request approved. Start verification: https://lyft-billing.site/teams?token=3SEzoPLxnQjUfguU"
spam	"Lyft: Voicemail waiting. Schedule: http://lyftupdate.site/secure?id=siwgb4ygbPs21hSi&ref=w3cHuW - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Lyft: eFax received. Download receipt: http://lyft-verify.io/voicemail?id=E5RClEmaZPgsbHxb&ref=PFcGvY"
spam	"Lyft: eFax received. Resolve issue: https://lyftsupport.io/teams"
spam	"Lyft: eFax received. View document: https://secure-lyft.me/access/N74MW5uZFfY"
spam	"Microsoft: Action required. Fix immediately: https://microsoft-verify.com/authenticate/rZ8z4JM"
spam	"Microsoft: Action required. Use code 175081 to open portal."
spam	"Microsoft: Activate service now. Reinstate access: https://microsoftsupport.biz/secure?session=zba0LY0zjfxLPOrW&utm=IcuHBY"
spam	"Microsoft: Check bounced. Claim reward: http://35.196.77.35/docs"
spam	"Microsoft: Copyright claim. Open attachment: https://vgkzgtiq.org/sharepoint?session=hJmUwlxOZrnZM3uG&utm=DaLV3M"
spam	"Microsoft: Copyright claim. Proceed to payment: https://microsoft-secure.com/secure?token=Oy1gaGxuQZFdrhLm"
spam	"Microsoft: Customs duty required. Authorize: http://auhwenafsp.me/support?id=Q0m7nWwkcgHJMDz3&ref=ffdR4M"
spam	"Microsoft: Customs duty required. Enable protection: https://buff.ly/46dP1Bsc4dv"
spam	"Microsoft: Customs duty required. Secure account: https://microsoft-secure.io/message?session=lDHJ2T8VYsuYNobu&utm=aBNQLJ"
spam	"Microsoft: Direct deposit update. Confirm details: https://is.gd/PppHHiIVvu - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Microsoft: Dispute filed. Reset password: https://microsofthelp.xyz/file?session=OVB3AATsF3RcvtRE&utm=gY8LKz"
spam	"Microsoft: Document shared with you. Activate: https://tinyurl.com/M4BE5cImj - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Microsoft: Invoice is overdue. Secure account: https://ow.ly/32WftSNq"
spam	"Microsoft: Invoice is overdue. Use code 826062 to listen now."
spam	"Microsoft: KYC verification needed. Continue to site: https://microsoftsupport.info/approve"
spam	"Microsoft: KYC verification needed. Use code 051968 to listen now."
spam	"Microsoft: Loan approval ready. Activate: https://vkhrkvtw.site/billing/AMILUq2"
spam	"Microsoft: Loan approval ready. Complete training: http://micr0s0ft.io/update?id=bH2kOOI6SJCm4HEE&ref=krxW8M"
spam	"Microsoft: Loan approval ready. Review activity: http://122.69.60.124/teams"
spam	"Microsoft: MFA approval required. Get refund: https://goo.gl/WlW7wej"
spam	"Microsoft: Mailbox quota exceeded. Accept: https://goo.gl/mBBtUaQMV"
spam	"Microsoft: Mailbox quota exceeded. Proceed to payment: https://microsoftupdate.net/sign"
spam	"Microsoft: Meeting recording available. Approve sign-in: http://microsoft-verify.com/authenticate"
spam	"Microsoft: Meeting recording available. Proceed to payment: http://128.28.211.20/update"
spam	"Microsoft: New device sign-in. Reinstate access: http://microsoft-verify.co/github"
spam	"Microsoft: New device sign-in. Unlock now: https://microsoftportal.me/secure/VfOVGUxDt"
spam	"Microsoft: Password reset requested. Start verification: http://109.186.92.38/auth"
spam	"Microsoft: Payment failed. Open attachment: https://t.co/UMFxro1s"
spam	"Microsoft: Payment failed. Unlock now: https://is.gd/ohgBDK (See Document_1678.pdf)"
spam	"Microsoft: Re-authenticate to continue. Activate: https://microsoft-verify.site/authenticate?session=nUsGjAqvZ17lr4aZ&utm=bvE1nS (See Document_5737.pdf)"
spam	"Microsoft: Referral bonus available. Proceed to payment: https://pslwpmkcgtnb.net/download?session=sDi4DShYjOi79tzY&utm=8o0XLW"
spam	"Microsoft: Social media violation. Accept: https://microsoftupdate.online/verify?session=zQLSy038EADIh7EB&utm=DqMSQM"
spam	"Microsoft: Social media violation. Call +1-393-073-4525 immediately to continue to site."
spam	"Microsoft: Social media violation. Confirm: https://igbqxnmshjcp.info/github"
spam	"Microsoft: Social media violation. Enable protection: http://micr0s0ft.com/auth"
spam	"Microsoft: Social media violation. Enable protection: http://microsoft-billing.online/subscription"
spam	"Microsoft: Storage is almost full. Accept: https://zecnkwpnq.online/slack?session=OfgHlOfR37aQvNF9&utm=Geu004"
spam	"Microsoft: Storage policy change. Call +1-318-601-2104 immediately to approve sign-in."
spam	"Microsoft: Storage policy change. Enable protection: http://ecbolgz.us/portal?id=nDbbccEU4uBcK77y&ref=bgk3RQ"
spam	"Microsoft: Subscription expired. Acknowledge notice: http://microsoft-billing.xyz/quickbooks"
spam	"Microsoft: Subscription expired. Activate: http://16.76.226.225/reward"
spam	"Microsoft: Subscription expired. Continue to site: https://is.gd/Yiu9Jqzx"
spam	"Microsoft: Tax refund pending. Approve sign-in: https://microsoftportal.net/appeal/kaKUAi"
spam	"Microsoft: Tax refund pending. View document: https://bit.ly/SfIUvcPE"
spam	"Microsoft: Two-factor disabled. Claim reward: https://tinyurl.com/hmZ3ZXe"
spam	"Microsoft: Two-factor disabled. Enable protection: http://bxwualxgf.us/sign"
spam	"Microsoft: Unlock your account. Secure account: https://secure-microsoft.info/file/UkLURz (See Document_7947.pdf)"
spam	"Microsoft: Vacation request approved. Verify now: https://microsoft-verify.org/support"
spam	"Microsoft: Verify identity to receive funds. Accept: https://tinyurl.com/VyPySNfbd5W"
spam	"Microsoft: Verify identity to receive funds. Reinstate access: https://xatnyl.io/okta?token=0yYNvUdMzZVaeBkV"
spam	"Microsoft: Voicemail waiting. Accept: http://microsoft09.biz/quickbooks?id=jGZfCiWelbx80TQb&ref=Hopblu"
spam	"Microsoft: Wire transfer on hold. Approve sign-in: https://anhptsnwmc.io/payment?session=3hC1CqLJGpDjx4jt&utm=oYT9UJ (See Document_5729.pdf) - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Microsoft: Wire transfer on hold. Continue to site: https://microsoft-login.org/download/q7jpiUVE"
spam	"Microsoft: Your account has been suspended. Schedule: https://jnzwpvpng.com/confirm?token=QgSsuz9o5zz3z14T"
spam	"Microsoft: Your photo here. Schedule: https://goo.gl/QVJW3lAPm"
spam	"Microsoft: eFax received. Fix immediately: https://micr0s0ft.io/auth"
spam	"Netflix: Account upgrade. Call +1-634-714-1136 immediately to activate."
spam	"Netflix: Activate service now. Fix immediately: https://rb.gy/t48GOzmANp7I"
spam	"Netflix: Activate service now. Use code 793989 to start verification."
spam	"Netflix: Chargeback notice. Use code 456253 to approve sign-in. - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Netflix: Check bounced. Fix immediately: https://goo.gl/RRFtaHCtCrb"
spam	"Netflix: Check bounced. Open portal: http://igwwznlt.biz/quickbooks?id=OBqZiyMY1fqtUP1A&ref=JR55jB"
spam	"Netflix: Check bounced. View invoice: https://netflix-secure.site/auth?session=GzmFuMMG8d6QxzjT&utm=2Bxyxa"
spam	"Netflix: Confirm beneficiary. Claim reward: https://is.gd/W9HUuT1YdPc"
spam	"Netflix: Confirm beneficiary. Secure account: https://secure-netflix.com/login?session=23BiMjx81IQcUVMZ&utm=MrNe9K"
spam	"Netflix: Confirm payment. Authorize: https://netflix-verify.xyz/track?token=CeQU7ifZwhXNZC4P"
spam	"Netflix: Confirm payment. Complete training: https://bit.ly/7h6clVmo"
spam	"Netflix: Confirm your identity. Track package: https://txyegwhguc.biz/signin?session=BiZYBayCsTguOhV0&utm=tt0GEB"
spam	"Netflix: Court notice. Acknowledge notice: http://netflix-verify.net/redeem?id=xJUlygVNAIEXOr6H&ref=L4FxQ9"
spam	"Netflix: Court notice. Complete training: http://143.249.204.241/teams"
spam	"Netflix: Court notice. Reset password: https://netflixupdate.io/download?token=rq5LhfNJkykZnbGg"
spam	"Netflix: Court notice. Use code 807836 to unlock now."
spam	"Netflix: Court notice. View document: https://netflix-verify.com/update?token=ccyDgwXHTPuveIjj"
spam	"Netflix: Crypto airdrop. Continue to site: https://netflixsupport.io/sign/EuxRp9uQv4"
spam	"Netflix: DMCA notice. Fix immediately: https://netflix-secure.xyz/portal?session=HlAesS1Ttzq5X1w9&utm=xCw5oe (See Document_0026.pdf)"
spam	"Netflix: Direct deposit update. Continue to site: https://fxudaq.io/message?session=pTmIFrBMXNhP7Kmb&utm=X2nfxH"
spam	"Netflix: Direct deposit update. Proceed to payment: https://goo.gl/Zl9hBJ9Qn - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Netflix: Direct deposit update. Use code 438474 to claim reward."
spam	"Netflix: Dispute filed. Confirm: https://ow.ly/unA98LpNF - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Netflix: Document shared with you. Call +1-386-901-3901 immediately to complete training."
spam	"Netflix: Document shared with you. Update payment: https://netflixupdate.me/approve?token=V1iW869FJZgUjRwM"
spam	"Netflix: Exclusive offer. Download receipt: http://imbbkfubjskm.us/voicemail"
spam	"Netflix: KYC verification needed. Secure account: https://netflixaccount.us/review/uZJoErUr"
spam	"Netflix: Legal action pending. Claim reward: https://ayeedld.io/confirm"
spam	"Netflix: Limited-time deal. View document: https://netflixaccount.biz/auth?session=OZH8XFiW8kOqKUCL&utm=v8J5sl"
spam	"Netflix: MFA approval required. Download file: https://is.gd/WPf9e97oK"
spam	"Netflix: MFA approval required. Listen now: http://58.204.212.159/verify"
spam	"Netflix: MFA approval required. Track package: http://81.113.21.182/subscription"
spam	"Netflix: Meeting recording available. Confirm details: https://netflix-verify.me/secure"
spam	"Netflix: New device sign-in. Accept: https://usqvcrum.biz/auth?token=3hi5Dq5G7PTgyjAV"
spam	"Netflix: New device sign-in. Unlock now: https://bit.ly/KUDTjHvuSO"
spam	"Netflix: Open enrollment ends soon. Reinstate access: https://buff.ly/aPJ0Pm4exm - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Netflix: Password expires today. Accept: http://netflix11.xyz/auth?id=Pih9ZSxK4tYBpmpJ&ref=gW6VE9"
spam	"Netflix: Password expires today. Fix immediately: http://74.181.72.185/confirm"
spam	"Netflix: Password expires today. Verify now: https://jyeamowyhylc.org/invoice?session=OXsSdwwAGsUTT5kK&utm=y6lH51"
spam	"Netflix: Password reset requested. Unlock now: http://netf1ix.com/teams"
spam	"Netflix: Payment failed. Accept: https://netflixportal.com/sign"
spam	"Netflix: Payroll issue. Reset password: https://aoyrixlvqikr.info/mfa?token=ivlCLmWUU0sq5rw4"
spam	"Netflix: Security alert. View invoice: http://goxzolfxeg.co/redeem?id=FPvXSrg0aAFwGwH8&ref=WHWory"
spam	"Netflix: Subscription expired. Acknowledge notice: https://netflixupdate.info/message?token=0BpwAf03MWRcBjPI"
spam	"Netflix: Timesheet rejection. Use code 201829 to resolve issue. - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Netflix: Two-factor disabled. Accept: https://qyawyi.site/signin"
spam	"Netflix: Two-factor disabled. Use code 776892 to open attachment."
spam	"Netflix: Unlock your account. Use code 200145 to view invoice."
spam	"Netflix: Unusual login detected. Enable protection: https://secure-netflix.biz/file/IzKm8wEl"
spam	"Netflix: VPN access change. Listen now: http://mjfstqofiox.biz/login?id=dDuZhqx8PeZHo2rE&ref=4Kl6R5"
spam	"Netflix: Vacation request approved. Continue to site: http://109.44.69.237/reset"
spam	"Netflix: Verify identity to receive funds. Proceed to payment: https://rb.gy/DOH2zh"
spam	"Netflix: Wire transfer on hold. Reset password: http://netflixsupport.me/teams?id=IHWvbBw39ddh4mAu&ref=wE3S4J"
spam	"Netflix: Wire transfer on hold. Use code 176720 to resolve issue."
spam	"Netflix: Your photo here. Confirm: http://netflix25.net/invoice - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Netflix: Your photo here. View document: https://short.ly/StkBuRrL"
spam	"Netflix: eFax received. Review activity: http://61.176.103.239/secure"
spam	"Netflix: eFax received. Unlock now: https://is.gd/neapA5Ag2p"
spam	"Netflix: eFax received. Use code 430806 to unlock now."
spam	"Okta: Action required. Use code 876187 to deny if not you."
spam	"Okta: Check bounced. Resolve issue: https://okta-secure.me/subscription?token=nrdhQ2mUo2wDsPAv"
spam	"Okta: Compliance training overdue. Use code 679419 to confirm."
spam	"Okta: Confirm payment. Download receipt: https://0kta.site/appeal"
spam	"Okta: Confirm payment. Secure account: http://oktaportal.com/billing?id=IeE5bYnR38fqxW0e&ref=GOL8fB"
spam	"Okta: Copyright claim. Call +1-605-080-1849 immediately to claim reward."
spam	"Okta: Crypto airdrop. Accept: https://yhyugacnk.online/verify - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Okta: Customs duty required. Authorize: https://t.co/wO33aswlHPxn"
spam	"Okta: Customs duty required. Get refund: https://oktaaccount.com/teams/OY8deQOz - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Okta: DMCA notice. Review activity: https://t.co/kNZRH43hGC5"
spam	"Okta: Dispute filed. Reset password: http://okta-verify.net/approve?id=LpFGWGy8hrduDJAe&ref=EbAOo6"
spam	"Okta: Document shared with you. Unlock now: https://0kta.me/file?session=2yzVy0yOc6RL8B4G&utm=pULdYg"
spam	"Okta: Exclusive offer. Activate: https://zibshtxiez.biz/confirm?session=34hy9jna7MkCcFG5&utm=O1RPyI - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Okta: Exclusive offer. Use code 574452 to start verification."
spam	"Okta: Invoice is overdue. Call +1-969-988-5793 immediately to deny if not you."
spam	"Okta: KYC verification needed. Call +1-061-413-1642 immediately to review activity."
spam	"Okta: KYC verification needed. Complete training: https://okta19.co/reward/8KzKKMKnQ"
spam	"Okta: Legal action pending. Claim reward: https://okta65.us/drive"
spam	"Okta: Legal action pending. View invoice: http://oktasupport.xyz/download - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Okta: Loan approval ready. Activate: https://okta-login.net/voicemail?session=j3scwVcECnu6VvtI&utm=H6oNFd"
spam	"Okta: MFA approval required. Approve sign-in: http://oktaportal.info/secure"
spam	"Okta: Mailbox quota exceeded. Secure account: https://fvxnabulebn.net/access?token=6QSFERPDvm5ipJzm"
spam	"Okta: Meeting recording available. Use code 105625 to open attachment."
spam	"Okta: Missed call. Call +1-983-092-2133 immediately to continue to site."
spam	"Okta: Missed call. Track package: https://frqjbonni.org/voicemail/njE8e31Tn8v"
spam	"Okta: Missed delivery. Verify now: https://okta-secure.org/zoom?token=bE8ilnGX1XMCcI8Y (See Document_0981.pdf)"
spam	"Okta: NFT whitelist access. Confirm details: http://kericiy.net/docs (See Document_3661.pdf)"
spam	"Okta: New device sign-in. Reinstate access: https://ow.ly/BYVz2ndRMzH"
spam	"Okta: Password expires today. Reinstate access: http://idlwugxaag.biz/quickbooks - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Okta: Prize winner. Reinstate access: http://qxyezrq.net/onedrive?id=tDD6byrIfnpvFH7k&ref=N2LYjr"
spam	"Okta: Re-authenticate to continue. Reinstate access: https://vbhpffl.info/support/FThCw4AICHO"
spam	"Okta: Re-authenticate to continue. Unlock now: https://secure-okta.info/auth?token=VcUeUcgis1sHXaxz"
spam	"Okta: Shareholder update. Fix immediately: https://okta81.co/onedrive"
spam	"Okta: Social media violation. Download receipt: http://oktasupport.site/appeal?id=CvY3E97yfFzxRFkk&ref=Qq367x"
spam	"Okta: Storage is almost full. Update payment: https://ydqyezaupamm.online/zoom/hdDLioEXjLJj"
spam	"Okta: Storage policy change. Secure account: https://oktaportal.co/access/ZiZcBzDxr (See Document_0883.pdf) - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Okta: Storage policy change. Unlock now: https://okta-billing.io/portal/ZvciRssBN5np"
spam	"Okta: Subscription expired. Listen now: https://oktaportal.io/payment/to8zxZdnEAL (See Document_1410.pdf)"
spam	"Okta: Subscription renewal failed. Get refund: https://jkacsh.info/approve"
spam	"Okta: Tax form available. Call +1-233-348-4600 immediately to continue to site."
spam	"Okta: Tax refund pending. Use code 733784 to open portal."
spam	"Okta: Two-factor disabled. Acknowledge notice: https://secure-okta.me/quickbooks"
spam	"Okta: Two-factor disabled. Track package: https://oktahelp.me/github"
spam	"Okta: Unusual login detected. Use code 621730 to reset password."
spam	"Okta: VPN access change. Track package: http://17.100.8.183/access"
spam	"Okta: VPN access change. Unlock now: http://oktaupdate.us/onedrive"
spam	"Okta: Vacation request approved. Resolve issue: https://bit.ly/JZutn1ZQ"
spam	"Okta: Verify identity to receive funds. Approve sign-in: https://oktasupport.com/download/g3RfvBZ4R - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Okta: Verify identity to receive funds. Call +1-808-722-5935 immediately to review activity."
spam	"Okta: Voicemail transcription. Fix immediately: https://beywvdcvlz.xyz/subscription?session=K4pEtfz52TcGK5HZ&utm=KRNjh8"
spam	"Okta: Wire transfer on hold. Verify now: http://197.89.22.69/activate"
spam	"Okta: Your account has been suspended. Download file: http://50.25.111.40/quickbooks"
spam	"Okta: Your account has been suspended. Download receipt: https://oktaaccount.biz/download - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Okta: Your account has been suspended. Open attachment: https://olgjgmgsjvf.site/okta/NLPPaQaMizac"
spam	"Okta: Your account has been suspended. Use code 461752 to resolve issue."
spam	"Okta: Your photo here. Authorize: https://kzfflsean.net/download?token=jLsheu7397XAncjL"
spam	"Okta: Your photo here. Review activity: https://okta-login.xyz/secure?session=Q4DLQQYM51V4rH3c&utm=2JCa2E"
spam	"Okta: Your photo here. Update payment: https://vwckyjmhwey.site/slack"
spam	"Okta: eFax received. Open attachment: http://okta51.us/auth"
spam	"OneDrive: Account upgrade. Call +1-689-841-4747 immediately to fix immediately."
spam	"OneDrive: Action required. Get refund: https://onedrive-secure.io/activate?token=45vi09tu3l7tg9rg"
spam	"OneDrive: Benefit update needed. Secure account: https://onedriveaccount.com/drive"
spam	"OneDrive: Check bounced. Open portal: https://bit.ly/k2rdVbC (See Document_9455.pdf)"
spam	"OneDrive: Compliance training overdue. Download receipt: https://secure-onedrive.xyz/verify/C8AXmLCQ"
spam	"OneDrive: Compliance training overdue. Use code 043261 to reinstate access."
spam	"OneDrive: Confirm beneficiary. Continue to site: https://onedrivehelp.co/login?session=JfPCYNVw23cTmfAc&utm=Tr2GH8"
spam	"OneDrive: Confirm beneficiary. Enable protection: https://onedrive-secure.us/authenticate"
spam	"OneDrive: Confirm beneficiary. Update payment: https://secure-onedrive.online/support/NF75DP0g43u (See Document_8100.pdf)"
spam	"OneDrive: Confirm payment. Confirm: http://onedrive-billing.io/github"
spam	"OneDrive: Confirm your identity. Accept: https://onedrive18.site/docusign?token=yl0FDQ9zYT3uCi0u"
spam	"OneDrive: Copyright claim. Unlock now: http://68.60.222.224/approve (See Document_8195.pdf)"
spam	"OneDrive: Court notice. Use code 917092 to confirm."
spam	"OneDrive: Crypto airdrop. Download receipt: https://onedrivesupport.biz/approve?token=MA0sj8HaIPxYmhyM"
spam	"OneDrive: Customs duty required. View invoice: http://168.64.18.30/appeal (See Document_9380.pdf)"
spam	"OneDrive: DMCA notice. Reinstate access: https://onedriveportal.io/reset?token=0EQAaTZFsQRhtBq2"
spam	"OneDrive: DMCA notice. Reset password: https://onedrive-secure.online/activate - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"OneDrive: Dispute filed. Secure account: https://xufmrzwh.biz/review/Wp9gAwoFdO (See Document_1526.pdf)"
spam	"OneDrive: Document shared with you. Track package: http://0nedrive.net/review"
spam	"OneDrive: Exclusive offer. Activate: https://secure-onedrive.info/activate"
spam	"OneDrive: Exclusive offer. Deny if not you: http://onedrivesupport.io/portal"
spam	"OneDrive: Exclusive offer. Use code 016426 to get refund."
spam	"OneDrive: Invoice is overdue. Confirm: https://wzbjumhii.me/docusign?session=u056YyuqQKWnr9ZU&utm=Wsf4En"
spam	"OneDrive: Legal action pending. Enable protection: https://secure-onedrive.info/appeal (See Document_6361.pdf)"
spam	"OneDrive: Legal action pending. Open portal: https://0nedrive.biz/file/hDUbQWC"
spam	"OneDrive: Legal action pending. Use code 399425 to listen now."
spam	"OneDrive: Limited-time deal. Reset password: https://onedriveportal.net/reward"
spam	"OneDrive: MFA approval required. Acknowledge notice: http://0nedrive.info/appeal?id=YZJ1cyrOWWRXczHW&ref=uIa4QO"
spam	"OneDrive: Mailbox quota exceeded. Reset password: http://onedriveupdate.site/payment"
spam	"OneDrive: Meeting recording available. Unlock now: http://heoxehu.io/update"
spam	"OneDrive: Open enrollment ends soon. Fix immediately: http://onedrive-billing.io/secure?id=mTlxKth0qcZwEwNX&ref=8LwT1u"
spam	"OneDrive: Open enrollment ends soon. Get refund: https://onedrive-verify.co/claim?session=SvJnLmyzdv8xQOmC&utm=UGk6ZK"
spam	"OneDrive: Package delivery failed. Call +1-529-643-5427 immediately to unlock now."
spam	"OneDrive: Package delivery failed. Secure account: http://onedriveupdate.io/message"
spam	"OneDrive: Password expires today. Acknowledge notice: http://onedrive-login.me/billing"
spam	"OneDrive: Password expires today. Enable protection: https://onedrive-verify.info/slack?session=PXSUfASQqyyzQOnl&utm=BBoQTV"
spam	"OneDrive: Password reset requested. Fix immediately: http://74.174.223.238/quickbooks - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"OneDrive: Payment failed. Complete training: https://qftqyxlupm.info/approve/uAnQY7Lz2Bd"
spam	"OneDrive: Payment failed. Secure account: http://183.239.166.7/login"
spam	"OneDrive: Payment failed. View document: https://secure-onedrive.site/subscription/pxQ4XHOOZLk4"
spam	"OneDrive: Payroll issue. Call +1-546-125-7953 immediately to enable protection."
spam	"OneDrive: Prize winner. Call +1-508-616-1029 immediately to approve sign-in."
spam	"OneDrive: Prize winner. Claim reward: https://onedrivesupport.org/activate"
spam	"OneDrive: Re-authenticate to continue. Download file: https://onedrive-verify.org/mfa/cVOF1Sd08IU - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"OneDrive: Re-authenticate to continue. Open attachment: https://tinyurl.com/KOFgZaj"
spam	"OneDrive: Refund available. Claim reward: https://rb.gy/ptTBE96tHS"
spam	"OneDrive: Refund available. Use code 057842 to track package."
spam	"OneDrive: Security alert. Call +1-649-632-2517 immediately to proceed to payment."
spam	"OneDrive: Security alert. Fix immediately: https://bit.ly/v8qe6n4mhCL"
spam	"OneDrive: Server migration. Fix immediately: https://onedrive-billing.me/invoice?session=8n4h6e7OTyquNXCP&utm=2hhDq5"
spam	"OneDrive: Server migration. Resolve issue: http://onedrivehelp.online/mfa"
spam	"OneDrive: Shareholder update. Accept: https://hnihgyvhav.io/access/JilGyuYFhLx"
spam	"OneDrive: Shareholder update. Open attachment: http://dtyulnaleql.me/file"
spam	"OneDrive: Social media violation. Claim reward: https://prsoaysayxo.me/payment/RCDAydBcB - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"OneDrive: Storage is almost full. Use code 804347 to reinstate access."
spam	"OneDrive: Storage policy change. Deny if not you: https://onedrivesupport.org/confirm?token=HXb2FzgRiLVi3EaB"
spam	"OneDrive: Subscription expired. Resolve issue: https://onedrive-verify.org/subscription/mHaanmgm2"
spam	"OneDrive: Subscription renewal failed. Get refund: https://onedrive-login.net/message/2yD3SM"
spam	"OneDrive: Tax form available. Start verification: https://secure-onedrive.net/claim?session=9bRvjdnJ0PPIgSLn&utm=C18UBG"
spam	"OneDrive: Tax refund pending. Confirm: https://t.co/k9y9D6iE (See Document_9283.pdf)"
spam	"OneDrive: Tax refund pending. Listen now: http://192.98.5.163/zoom"
spam	"OneDrive: Timesheet rejection. Use code 599851 to continue to site."
spam	"OneDrive: Two-factor disabled. Enable protection: https://tinyurl.com/NSBGt3BI8EoC"
spam	"OneDrive: Two-factor disabled. Listen now: http://245.135.239.230/github - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"OneDrive: Unlock your account. Download file: https://raryfgz.net/confirm (See Document_5567.pdf)"
spam	"OneDrive: Unlock your account. Review activity: https://ruazru.site/drive"
spam	"OneDrive: VPN access change. Secure account: http://dhoiot.info/payment?id=73fAjZVkeZky1VcP&ref=eqE16g"
spam	"OneDrive: Vacation request approved. Download receipt: http://onedrive-login.xyz/docusign"
spam	"OneDrive: Vacation request approved. Use code 439840 to claim reward."
spam	"OneDrive: Voicemail transcription. Acknowledge notice: https://lntpzfpwbtx.net/reward"
spam	"OneDrive: Voicemail transcription. Fix immediately: https://onedriveupdate.online/invoice"
spam	"OneDrive: Voicemail waiting. Verify now: https://onedrivesupport.co/docusign?token=K2DitHAHN9G19PPV"
spam	"OneDrive: Wire transfer on hold. Reset password: http://22.181.70.230/auth"
spam	"OneDrive: Wire transfer on hold. Resolve issue: http://gecygis.co/verify?id=77EFxHJwyjTCqIay&ref=zgeS65"
spam	"OneDrive: Your account has been suspended. Accept: http://onedriveportal.us/login?id=77LVPNKpYe13Lg8X&ref=T1rXdb"
spam	"OneDrive: eFax received. Fix immediately: https://secure-onedrive.biz/sign"
spam	"PNC: Account upgrade. Resolve issue: http://pnc-login.co/payment?id=XhGBnIxvJJfUL4uK&ref=VDSEkT"
spam	"PNC: Account upgrade. Use code 062789 to proceed to payment."
spam	"PNC: Action required. Call +1-547-815-0618 immediately to proceed to payment."
spam	"PNC: Action required. Unlock now: https://pncupdate.online/access?session=WTyjwmAC1ggFhVic&utm=otxSES"
spam	"PNC: Action required. Use code 168507 to confirm."
spam	"PNC: Activate service now. Call +1-080-367-4587 immediately to proceed to payment."
spam	"PNC: Benefit update needed. Open portal: http://pnc-login.info/sign"
spam	"PNC: Chargeback notice. Open portal: http://pnc-billing.me/update"
spam	"PNC: Chargeback notice. Use code 456775 to reset password. - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"PNC: Check bounced. Enable protection: http://pncsupport.org/appeal"
spam	"PNC: Compliance training overdue. Fix immediately: http://pnchelp.site/verify"
spam	"PNC: Confirm payment. Unlock now: https://pnc-verify.com/redeem"
spam	"PNC: Copyright claim. Secure account: https://pncsupport.online/reward"
spam	"PNC: Court notice. Use code 816302 to unlock now."
spam	"PNC: Crypto airdrop. View invoice: https://mvhyayiiwmc.co/duo?session=kIXKDBg8HrE4Wsyf&utm=U3lCva"
spam	"PNC: DMCA notice. Use code 356966 to verify now."
spam	"PNC: Device sign-in attempt. Deny if not you: https://pncsupport.co/file?token=zkp5okdwSgjQuprQ"
spam	"PNC: Device sign-in attempt. Start verification: https://pncaccount.biz/activate?token=yRWbD9vSK9HINEPI"
spam	"PNC: Direct deposit update. Activate: https://yqomaeqpj.site/subscription"
spam	"PNC: Document shared with you. Reset password: https://ow.ly/eMIxsrV - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"PNC: Invoice is overdue. Proceed to payment: https://pnc-billing.co/login?session=Y7BshOS7Qx9FJcMW&utm=DHpbi7"
spam	"PNC: KYC verification needed. Unlock now: https://pncportal.com/onedrive?token=drpewzy5GveRn1vm"
spam	"PNC: Limited-time deal. Accept: https://ceujqhwind.com/zoom/SN1ZOT"
spam	"PNC: Mailbox quota exceeded. Update payment: https://secure-pnc.online/auth?token=UvdTrpraXfalzPxv"
spam	"PNC: Meeting recording available. Approve sign-in: https://pnc-login.com/redeem?token=J35SWNzpEtzshZyM"
spam	"PNC: Missed delivery. Track package: http://nzyyrueg.co/slack"
spam	"PNC: Open enrollment ends soon. Update payment: https://ow.ly/FRzNBAb3N"
spam	"PNC: Open enrollment ends soon. View invoice: http://206.221.154.48/redeem"
spam	"PNC: Package delivery failed. Accept: https://pncportal.net/docs?session=ncxnSFrcQBkqiyhd&utm=TppjrJ"
spam	"PNC: Password reset requested. Accept: https://qurhnah.io/quickbooks?token=LWWOMbWzffjPszEa"
spam	"PNC: Prize winner. Continue to site: https://pnc-verify.biz/claim?token=2DBJWRRVkwfeRNGO"
spam	"PNC: Prize winner. Enable protection: https://bit.ly/LjklzPCY"
spam	"PNC: Re-authenticate to continue. Call +1-998-809-9436 immediately to update payment."
spam	"PNC: Server migration. Use code 632405 to verify now."
spam	"PNC: Storage is almost full. Call +1-072-587-3393 immediately to claim reward. - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"PNC: Storage is almost full. Download file: http://exxwijw.site/auth?id=9xdnYhQ5xTkUg3LF&ref=jq9Wx6"
spam	"PNC: Subscription expired. Open portal: https://secure-pnc.net/docs?token=9mBPFixpUbB6fXg1"
spam	"PNC: Subscription renewal failed. Enable protection: https://pnc92.net/signin/HDlV47 - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"PNC: Tax form available. Reset password: http://19.146.253.186/github"
spam	"PNC: Tax refund pending. Acknowledge notice: http://zexbhg.site/zoom"
spam	"PNC: Tax refund pending. Verify now: https://pncupdate.co/invoice/scnHKx"
spam	"PNC: Unlock your account. Accept: https://pnc-login.online/zoom?token=v2W3Iq5zp4YLjPVs"
spam	"PNC: Your photo here. Review activity: http://202.211.85.89/github"
spam	"PNC: Your photo here. Schedule: https://secure-pnc.com/okta?session=7XiZXqzlSrC5cleR&utm=E0YCdi (See Document_5383.pdf)"
spam	"PayPal: Account upgrade. Open portal: https://paypalaccount.biz/portal?session=MoEAU3wPbWUgzZFB&utm=ES3gGF"
spam	"PayPal: Activate service now. Open attachment: https://paypalaccount.me/track?session=QqdWwQ7uXrATweid&utm=zNbQOP"
spam	"PayPal: Check bounced. Use code 949120 to accept."
spam	"PayPal: Compliance training overdue. Start verification: http://paypal-billing.us/secure?id=X0CA9EdpfccSvhhf&ref=4QkFUD"
spam	"PayPal: Confirm payment. Claim reward: https://yryeuz.net/auth?token=YEniTPZCpuIAgJf4"
spam	"PayPal: Copyright claim. Authorize: https://paypalaccount.com/activate?session=X0vgUpvbaEIDon9u&utm=5sZIl1"
spam	"PayPal: Copyright claim. View invoice: http://nxfjvrrx.xyz/docusign?id=ArJ4SvuwgRzKUnkT&ref=sc1v5W"
spam	"PayPal: DMCA notice. Confirm details: http://paypalportal.site/message"
spam	"PayPal: Device sign-in attempt. Reset password: https://bit.ly/x5SEySjQk"
spam	"PayPal: Device sign-in attempt. Use code 087687 to deny if not you."
spam	"PayPal: Device sign-in attempt. View invoice: https://ofpshsfu.org/track?session=NpUUWp8zUK39GnjW&utm=tbRElZ"
spam	"PayPal: Direct deposit update. Secure account: http://paypalportal.xyz/access"
spam	"PayPal: Dispute filed. Call +1-635-607-7789 immediately to unlock now."
spam	"PayPal: Document shared with you. View invoice: https://eskqcbopd.site/update?session=zrJv3JR0VWHIPsYO&utm=ZtrQis"
spam	"PayPal: Invoice is overdue. Call +1-008-486-5425 immediately to reinstate access."
spam	"PayPal: Invoice is overdue. Confirm details: https://goo.gl/hhbeNtu1z675"
spam	"PayPal: KYC verification needed. Confirm: https://is.gd/abBRNDS"
spam	"PayPal: KYC verification needed. Download receipt: https://gsslleuynly.org/support"
spam	"PayPal: Legal action pending. Use code 095632 to complete training."
spam	"PayPal: Limited-time deal. Call +1-107-535-3542 immediately to approve sign-in."
spam	"PayPal: Limited-time deal. Call +1-668-955-7864 immediately to get refund."
spam	"PayPal: Limited-time deal. Deny if not you: https://paypal-login.com/onedrive/AHPBrAV1tg"
spam	"PayPal: Loan approval ready. Review activity: https://paypalportal.info/auth?token=jed0jT2rjmsRsFn4"
spam	"PayPal: MFA approval required. Unlock now: https://paypalhelp.us/subscription/1psNUmTfUy3 (See Document_3797.pdf)"
spam	"PayPal: Meeting recording available. Listen now: https://secure-paypal.com/appeal?token=A8hjTRskPEZ1NcyU"
spam	"PayPal: Missed call. Proceed to payment: https://paypalaccount.co/onedrive?session=2gkeq42B1SeJkcwQ&utm=9DmXt5 - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"PayPal: Missed delivery. Claim reward: https://paypalportal.co/verify/wHByK3jM"
spam	"PayPal: NFT whitelist access. Use code 647907 to view document."
spam	"PayPal: NFT whitelist access. Use code 859737 to verify now."
spam	"PayPal: New device sign-in. Acknowledge notice: https://paypa1.me/quickbooks/9rcgLvh"
spam	"PayPal: New device sign-in. Listen now: https://uqnzvib.com/auth?token=qpdmfISmK05pp0b5"
spam	"PayPal: Open enrollment ends soon. Call +1-057-865-5205 immediately to listen now."
spam	"PayPal: Open enrollment ends soon. Get refund: https://buff.ly/M1so4YXujNjp - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"PayPal: Package delivery failed. Proceed to payment: http://105.91.210.244/quickbooks"
spam	"PayPal: Package delivery failed. Verify now: https://kubkzf.info/sign?session=kQXKXNddCzISBk0D&utm=WB7p2o"
spam	"PayPal: Password expires today. Verify now: http://107.64.79.228/billing"
spam	"PayPal: Password reset requested. Open portal: http://200.170.239.158/approve"
spam	"PayPal: Password reset requested. Proceed to payment: https://paypal-verify.co/review - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"PayPal: Password reset requested. Use code 591977 to claim reward."
spam	"PayPal: Payroll issue. Call +1-654-056-0215 immediately to open attachment."
spam	"PayPal: Referral bonus available. Accept: https://is.gd/SDQ6xMO15Sb"
spam	"PayPal: Referral bonus available. Review activity: https://secure-paypal.biz/slack?session=9igLd9MpstjXUyRf&utm=FWqR03"
spam	"PayPal: Security alert. Get refund: https://paypal00.us/sign?session=DFubXCLox4zJtGf5&utm=oSsVvM"
spam	"PayPal: Security alert. Use code 614927 to listen now."
spam	"PayPal: Security alert. View invoice: https://paypalupdate.online/secure?token=frsUfyTBmuv6wGZR"
spam	"PayPal: Shareholder update. Call +1-329-559-7291 immediately to approve sign-in."
spam	"PayPal: Shareholder update. Download receipt: http://bavbgs.com/download?id=hX96am29I16HEGgv&ref=h5sgDG"
spam	"PayPal: Social media violation. Acknowledge notice: http://paypalportal.co/reward?id=40JvsIEX8vpgh9LO&ref=WWZHYa"
spam	"PayPal: Social media violation. Open attachment: https://paypa1.net/onedrive"
spam	"PayPal: Storage is almost full. Use code 317487 to track package."
spam	"PayPal: Storage policy change. Acknowledge notice: http://69.153.237.72/download"
spam	"PayPal: Storage policy change. Acknowledge notice: https://paypalportal.co/confirm?session=2X2hstEsqnaVOKzn&utm=7t779P"
spam	"PayPal: Storage policy change. Open portal: http://secure-paypal.site/secure?id=lfk04xtmQVrfZUlp&ref=3bhTzd"
spam	"PayPal: Storage policy change. Secure account: http://45.109.132.134/download"
spam	"PayPal: Tax form available. Call +1-323-089-9236 immediately to get refund."
spam	"PayPal: Tax refund pending. Track package: https://paypalaccount.me/approve?token=OGMtLUDdXZdJgWSc"
spam	"PayPal: Timesheet rejection. Complete training: https://secure-paypal.site/track - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"PayPal: Timesheet rejection. View invoice: http://paypal09.biz/activate?id=bGYZfiiROBHew23W&ref=KtXD5S"
spam	"PayPal: Two-factor disabled. Reinstate access: http://piigbjsc.co/auth"
spam	"PayPal: Unlock your account. Track package: https://tinyurl.com/hFLlOmpPM"
spam	"PayPal: Unusual login detected. Verify now: https://paypal-login.biz/secure/Db6Uy1w0"
spam	"PayPal: VPN access change. Complete training: https://rb.gy/As26dJ"
spam	"PayPal: VPN access change. Fix immediately: https://paypal-login.io/claim/ItpNI1"
spam	"PayPal: Vacation request approved. Complete training: https://secure-paypal.me/payment"
spam	"PayPal: Voicemail transcription. Fix immediately: https://secure-paypal.info/voicemail?token=eDSg0HUcm3RxVZ86"
spam	"PayPal: Your account has been suspended. Complete training: https://paypalupdate.co/authenticate?session=kamAO9Veoy1izoKI&utm=pX8Gr6"
spam	"PayPal: Your account has been suspended. Reset password: https://paypalsupport.me/okta"
spam	"PayPal: Your account has been suspended. Resolve issue: http://paypalaccount.xyz/docusign"
spam	"PayPal: Your photo here. Download receipt: https://paypal26.me/approve (See Document_6196.pdf)"
spam	"PayPal: eFax received. Use code 121014 to unlock now."
spam	"Payroll error: Direct deposit failed. Re-enter account info: http://adp-payroll-fix.net/update?case=fygw2wMq"
spam	"PlayStation: Action required. Reinstate access: http://cjhjttrp.co/redeem?id=xXhLlg2Z2mg8OpHA&ref=vcZpmT"
spam	"PlayStation: Activate service now. Resolve issue: http://239.151.17.200/subscription"
spam	"PlayStation: Activate service now. Track package: http://88.146.31.165/signin"
spam	"PlayStation: Confirm beneficiary. Call +1-229-297-1502 immediately to view document."
spam	"PlayStation: Confirm beneficiary. Fix immediately: https://playstationsupport.me/auth?token=Rla5fQilC5uYY5Kw"
spam	"PlayStation: Confirm beneficiary. Unlock now: https://ddqzqqngna.org/payment/zlNyEk"
spam	"PlayStation: Confirm your identity. Call +1-729-904-3881 immediately to accept."
spam	"PlayStation: Copyright claim. Activate: http://13.8.11.44/appeal"
spam	"PlayStation: Copyright claim. Confirm details: https://vighwo.com/teams?session=fMxD0EIkxQ5xUJIj&utm=uVOwAl"
spam	"PlayStation: Court notice. Call +1-029-160-6224 immediately to confirm. - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"PlayStation: Court notice. Listen now: https://buff.ly/jsbbPPW"
spam	"PlayStation: Device sign-in attempt. Confirm: https://buff.ly/Q64hTxIj3B"
spam	"PlayStation: Direct deposit update. Reinstate access: http://playstation29.xyz/confirm (See Document_2491.pdf)"
spam	"PlayStation: Document shared with you. Reset password: https://playstation-verify.io/voicemail?token=MIfIKoNDPOZkcrGE"
spam	"PlayStation: Document shared with you. Use code 107257 to approve sign-in."
spam	"PlayStation: Exclusive offer. Continue to site: https://playstation-login.me/sharepoint/Z0qu37 (See Document_3442.pdf)"
spam	"PlayStation: Exclusive offer. Reinstate access: http://45.131.193.179/drive"
spam	"PlayStation: Invoice is overdue. Open portal: https://secure-playstation.xyz/claim?session=WUaIL0H6H6TVdLWm&utm=kbCMys"
spam	"PlayStation: KYC verification needed. Start verification: https://p1aystati0n.site/sign?token=8cICK44iKzI4yoPZ"
spam	"PlayStation: Loan approval ready. Acknowledge notice: http://205.249.47.7/signin"
spam	"PlayStation: Loan approval ready. Download receipt: https://buff.ly/KFLYlI"
spam	"PlayStation: Loan approval ready. Proceed to payment: http://playstationportal.org/approve?id=XBEjHl03tg08US7N&ref=DGU0zG"
spam	"PlayStation: MFA approval required. Acknowledge notice: https://is.gd/Qa7rbXWNtFW"
spam	"PlayStation: MFA approval required. Reinstate access: https://playstation65.me/billing/cleYJuIVzZ4"
spam	"PlayStation: Mailbox quota exceeded. Verify now: https://nxtjdoafycu.me/okta"
spam	"PlayStation: Meeting recording available. Reset password: https://p1aystati0n.online/sharepoint/O4lP3z"
spam	"PlayStation: Meeting recording available. Use code 447820 to download file."
spam	"PlayStation: Missed call. Proceed to payment: https://tinyurl.com/n5riflvsx"
spam	"PlayStation: Missed delivery. Call +1-407-581-8141 immediately to fix immediately."
spam	"PlayStation: Missed delivery. Deny if not you: http://playstation-login.net/github?id=5b11YhQ8Lp0bJqqR&ref=D8SaKt"
spam	"PlayStation: Missed delivery. Secure account: https://kcsrjnvlm.biz/appeal?token=GL5qQI9KEJ19NtgS"
spam	"PlayStation: Missed delivery. Use code 143748 to listen now."
spam	"PlayStation: NFT whitelist access. Get refund: http://61.248.215.120/confirm"
spam	"PlayStation: NFT whitelist access. View invoice: http://ojvzdidpjka.net/subscription"
spam	"PlayStation: New device sign-in. Call +1-654-699-1589 immediately to view document."
spam	"PlayStation: New device sign-in. Use code 126635 to review activity."
spam	"PlayStation: Package delivery failed. Listen now: https://secure-playstation.io/login/0AhcnrhLkIv"
spam	"PlayStation: Package delivery failed. Schedule: https://gvelxzbh.biz/portal?session=pDZuTTdJ5EeHER1e&utm=oRyrRo"
spam	"PlayStation: Password expires today. Verify now: https://playstationhelp.org/track/knbSdEtUyV"
spam	"PlayStation: Password reset requested. View invoice: http://119.71.122.116/confirm"
spam	"PlayStation: Payroll issue. Proceed to payment: http://playstationportal.co/file"
spam	"PlayStation: Referral bonus available. Get refund: https://playstation-login.xyz/payment/siQJmB4"
spam	"PlayStation: Referral bonus available. Track package: https://t.co/mscizA"
spam	"PlayStation: Refund available. Get refund: https://is.gd/dDGPPh0"
spam	"PlayStation: Server migration. Download file: http://18.236.22.235/reward"
spam	"PlayStation: Shareholder update. Call +1-088-692-0321 immediately to get refund."
spam	"PlayStation: Social media violation. Unlock now: https://playstationupdate.biz/approve?token=EzYhE0qmiYAtU6fE"
spam	"PlayStation: Storage policy change. Complete training: http://qoqxckoiwsv.net/portal"
spam	"PlayStation: Storage policy change. View document: http://blitxezavn.org/invoice?id=8ddOqpQ9nkJRF8vn&ref=gGTU8N"
spam	"PlayStation: Subscription expired. Call +1-643-786-2430 immediately to enable protection."
spam	"PlayStation: Subscription renewal failed. Approve sign-in: https://playstationhelp.com/claim"
spam	"PlayStation: Tax form available. Open portal: https://bit.ly/XW0K2e5EJmwU"
spam	"PlayStation: Tax refund pending. View invoice: https://purxdjtzmnmz.net/drive - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"PlayStation: Timesheet rejection. Call +1-900-249-2785 immediately to accept."
spam	"PlayStation: Timesheet rejection. Reinstate access: http://241.25.47.21/update"
spam	"PlayStation: Unlock your account. Call +1-341-146-1331 immediately to track package."
spam	"PlayStation: Unusual login detected. Use code 610077 to download file."
spam	"PlayStation: VPN access change. Complete training: https://secure-playstation.us/access"
spam	"PlayStation: Vacation request approved. Track package: http://ojbohhspgk.net/access - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"PlayStation: Vacation request approved. View document: https://playstationsupport.net/zoom/xah6R82LEZ"
spam	"PlayStation: Voicemail transcription. Resolve issue: http://playstationhelp.me/portal?id=3oUwGQ436cnvUV3u&ref=ubzZOI"
spam	"PlayStation: Your account has been suspended. Claim reward: https://playstation-secure.site/reward?session=vRMEm8wGy9E31061&utm=Ls1n8S"
spam	"PlayStation: Your account has been suspended. Get refund: http://playstationsupport.net/activate?id=MU9nKJmq2XmREH00&ref=Tr81up"
spam	"PlayStation: eFax received. Reset password: https://buff.ly/Q7QjtkQ4xnAM - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"PlayStation: eFax received. Start verification: https://tinyurl.com/rqmikGYVlcq"
spam	"QuickBooks: Account upgrade. Complete training: https://quickbooks56.com/support?token=8GaHF6hmvo9HTtC3"
spam	"QuickBooks: Account upgrade. Reset password: https://buff.ly/5thIrbWp"
spam	"QuickBooks: Action required. Download receipt: http://euhcweagq.io/confirm"
spam	"QuickBooks: Action required. Use code 782368 to schedule."
spam	"QuickBooks: Benefit update needed. Enable protection: https://buff.ly/z1U6s2X8"
spam	"QuickBooks: Check bounced. Activate: https://quickbooks77.xyz/approve"
spam	"QuickBooks: Check bounced. Deny if not you: https://xbxrztal.me/signin?token=mwBSM52mUQh9wtXR"
spam	"QuickBooks: Check bounced. Open attachment: https://quickbooks-verify.net/claim"
spam	"QuickBooks: Check bounced. Use code 030793 to secure account."
spam	"QuickBooks: Compliance training overdue. Confirm: https://akaoicwla.io/file"
spam	"QuickBooks: Confirm beneficiary. Confirm details: http://181.42.21.202/support"
spam	"QuickBooks: Confirm payment. Schedule: https://quickbooks-login.co/drive"
spam	"QuickBooks: Confirm your identity. Accept: https://ghzlcuvkxq.xyz/invoice/aX1QumiRzbV"
spam	"QuickBooks: Confirm your identity. Use code 960733 to view document."
spam	"QuickBooks: Court notice. Enable protection: http://quickbookssupport.me/portal?id=wvA1sGXh9xLAYmU2&ref=wSdmeR"
spam	"QuickBooks: Court notice. Resolve issue: http://quickbookssupport.org/onedrive"
spam	"QuickBooks: Court notice. Schedule: https://secure-quickbooks.online/drive/oCwWlwCU (See Document_1851.pdf)"
spam	"QuickBooks: Crypto airdrop. Open attachment: https://quickbooks-login.biz/github?token=XuI0fwn8N7HXIxOk"
spam	"QuickBooks: Customs duty required. View document: https://quickbooks-verify.io/github/LOcUST5h"
spam	"QuickBooks: Direct deposit update. Use code 300873 to start verification."
spam	"QuickBooks: Invoice is overdue. Confirm details: http://ewynetr.us/confirm - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"QuickBooks: KYC verification needed. Continue to site: http://kxzccmrm.xyz/review?id=LLW98g7gKXgYs3I4&ref=w4AqyP"
spam	"QuickBooks: Legal action pending. Complete training: http://quickbookshelp.net/secure?id=my4db3OY9Pim7nko&ref=13MRci"
spam	"QuickBooks: Loan approval ready. Activate: http://quickbooksupdate.biz/docs?id=YzngBv3tbNHVDlX0&ref=pgYJlo"
spam	"QuickBooks: Loan approval ready. Track package: https://goo.gl/tBnzUV"
spam	"QuickBooks: MFA approval required. Fix immediately: https://quickbooks-login.com/zoom?token=rdCo4zBxuM4ZrkLN"
spam	"QuickBooks: Mailbox quota exceeded. Call +1-379-185-8467 immediately to update payment."
spam	"QuickBooks: Meeting recording available. Use code 505725 to track package."
spam	"QuickBooks: Missed call. Track package: http://200.108.234.24/approve"
spam	"QuickBooks: Missed call. Use code 403075 to fix immediately."
spam	"QuickBooks: NFT whitelist access. Complete training: https://quickbooks56.net/redeem/S5WmTa5YGZgF"
spam	"QuickBooks: NFT whitelist access. Update payment: https://short.ly/9ozXGl0j"
spam	"QuickBooks: NFT whitelist access. View invoice: http://secure-quickbooks.site/file"
spam	"QuickBooks: New device sign-in. Review activity: http://quickbookssupport.me/auth?id=pxRSWNKGMG4XLC5j&ref=5hfC9b"
spam	"QuickBooks: Open enrollment ends soon. Accept: http://quickbooksaccount.site/duo"
spam	"QuickBooks: Open enrollment ends soon. Resolve issue: https://short.ly/b1O6kX9"
spam	"QuickBooks: Open enrollment ends soon. View invoice: https://quickbooksupdate.co/auth?token=jChN9MjFkYtfM0IT - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"QuickBooks: Package delivery failed. Approve sign-in: https://bit.ly/sycimX"
spam	"QuickBooks: Package delivery failed. Deny if not you: https://quickb00ks.co/docusign?token=vl8WLySL39OooGNq"
spam	"QuickBooks: Password reset requested. Enable protection: https://short.ly/WRY0CfdBjovX"
spam	"QuickBooks: Payment failed. Approve sign-in: http://quickbooks-billing.org/voicemail (See Document_2611.pdf)"
spam	"QuickBooks: Payment failed. Call +1-726-189-1095 immediately to confirm."
spam	"QuickBooks: Payroll issue. Continue to site: http://quickbooks-billing.me/download?id=D1AeD5FI8gk0S7GL&ref=ppior7"
spam	"QuickBooks: Payroll issue. Resolve issue: http://quickbooks-secure.online/subscription"
spam	"QuickBooks: Re-authenticate to continue. Download receipt: http://131.16.61.207/message"
spam	"QuickBooks: Re-authenticate to continue. Use code 800152 to get refund."
spam	"QuickBooks: Referral bonus available. Reinstate access: https://is.gd/7Uu2McL5UK"
spam	"QuickBooks: Referral bonus available. Use code 311434 to secure account."
spam	"QuickBooks: Refund available. Call +1-536-392-2862 immediately to view invoice."
spam	"QuickBooks: Refund available. View document: https://apezatztv.us/invoice/WDrHGZ"
spam	"QuickBooks: Security alert. Open portal: https://quickb00ks.xyz/review?token=CidSlh3EWcEut52H"
spam	"QuickBooks: Storage is almost full. Confirm: http://93.173.163.155/duo (See Document_3670.pdf)"
spam	"QuickBooks: Tax form available. Continue to site: https://ow.ly/7JD27le7Fbr"
spam	"QuickBooks: Tax refund pending. Claim reward: http://quickbooks-verify.net/approve?id=1dpERkMwVsxHXvGo&ref=vSA590"
spam	"QuickBooks: Tax refund pending. Reset password: https://quickbookshelp.site/zoom?session=aFETOhneofq5mEBn&utm=6iv0BV (See Document_3372.pdf)"
spam	"QuickBooks: VPN access change. Enable protection: http://183.249.35.224/quickbooks"
spam	"QuickBooks: Vacation request approved. Download receipt: https://quickbooks-billing.io/onedrive"
spam	"QuickBooks: Vacation request approved. Enable protection: http://quickbooks-secure.com/reward?id=X05SWuQcLLi3K2ae&ref=aSYvL5"
spam	"QuickBooks: Voicemail transcription. Get refund: http://quickbookshelp.org/file"
spam	"QuickBooks: Voicemail waiting. Approve sign-in: https://quickbooks-login.me/teams/cLlvehrjWAkS"
spam	"QuickBooks: Wire transfer on hold. Update payment: https://is.gd/1tq5T0vtV08E"
spam	"QuickBooks: Wire transfer on hold. View invoice: https://quickbooksaccount.info/okta/b8npXmFw45es"
spam	"QuickBooks: eFax received. Claim reward: https://rb.gy/sISFmKlIwu"
spam	"Robinhood: Account upgrade. Confirm: https://robinhoodhelp.online/update/U6Ki2e"
spam	"Robinhood: Activate service now. Activate: https://robinhoodaccount.com/duo?token=XSHorPPXrobi0LNS"
spam	"Robinhood: Benefit update needed. Download receipt: https://robinhoodhelp.net/appeal/e3xDtIi"
spam	"Robinhood: Benefit update needed. View document: http://jfyvxmumnmxc.site/activate?id=9GvySygQtPzMP9Lt&ref=sskSm9"
spam	"Robinhood: Chargeback notice. Acknowledge notice: http://222.46.13.134/reset"
spam	"Robinhood: Chargeback notice. Complete training: https://robinhood-login.co/onedrive?session=SuUKGtRPH0SO5rEP&utm=fBOWPK"
spam	"Robinhood: Check bounced. Call +1-881-613-7195 immediately to complete training."
spam	"Robinhood: Check bounced. Verify now: https://robinhood-login.net/redeem?session=sg3mRFF8tLCpUM4y&utm=SZCJee"
spam	"Robinhood: Compliance training overdue. Schedule: http://robinhood00.io/file"
spam	"Robinhood: Compliance training overdue. View invoice: https://robinhood-billing.me/reward?session=w6erPi7nEXdrVGvx&utm=gmg1V9"
spam	"Robinhood: Confirm beneficiary. Start verification: https://bit.ly/6tmJmO7cprfK"
spam	"Robinhood: Confirm beneficiary. Use code 155972 to track package."
spam	"Robinhood: Confirm payment. Reinstate access: http://robinhoodportal.co/duo"
spam	"Robinhood: Confirm payment. Use code 710685 to listen now."
spam	"Robinhood: Confirm your identity. Acknowledge notice: http://robinhood-secure.org/docusign (See Document_8590.pdf)"
spam	"Robinhood: Confirm your identity. Acknowledge notice: https://short.ly/xuwUY8U5"
spam	"Robinhood: Copyright claim. Fix immediately: http://robinhood91.site/support"
spam	"Robinhood: Court notice. Complete training: https://robinhoodsupport.us/docs"
spam	"Robinhood: Crypto airdrop. Update payment: http://robinhood-billing.info/onedrive - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Robinhood: Device sign-in attempt. Secure account: https://lhnedyaep.biz/onedrive/CZSLdj"
spam	"Robinhood: Direct deposit update. Confirm: http://13.155.240.152/claim"
spam	"Robinhood: Direct deposit update. Continue to site: http://173.167.238.56/access"
spam	"Robinhood: Direct deposit update. Use code 457801 to confirm."
spam	"Robinhood: Direct deposit update. Verify now: https://robinhoodhelp.online/support?session=iPAaXnnm0y3XbBmw&utm=KKOLMb"
spam	"Robinhood: Dispute filed. Use code 580935 to update payment."
spam	"Robinhood: Exclusive offer. Verify now: https://tinyurl.com/z46fDbygn"
spam	"Robinhood: KYC verification needed. View document: http://vmbirlhdf.biz/invoice"
spam	"Robinhood: Limited-time deal. Use code 785501 to reinstate access."
spam	"Robinhood: Meeting recording available. Confirm details: https://robinhood-verify.co/secure?session=gSrTmzBQqZqU6BKa&utm=krOBzA"
spam	"Robinhood: Meeting recording available. Download receipt: https://robinhood-secure.com/onedrive?session=VNTi7C7f1wip6VSm&utm=A2gMnA"
spam	"Robinhood: Meeting recording available. Open portal: https://robinhood-billing.us/subscription/887As2Ontr"
spam	"Robinhood: Meeting recording available. Unlock now: https://r0binh00d.com/support/rBFGJz534S"
spam	"Robinhood: Missed call. Call +1-561-838-4463 immediately to proceed to payment."
spam	"Robinhood: Missed delivery. Deny if not you: https://ow.ly/FOBzbRVjzTdl"
spam	"Robinhood: NFT whitelist access. Accept: http://184.228.164.48/subscription"
spam	"Robinhood: Open enrollment ends soon. Confirm details: https://tinyurl.com/sMiG0AmiFSdj"
spam	"Robinhood: Open enrollment ends soon. Update payment: http://robinhoodsupport.org/github"
spam	"Robinhood: Password expires today. Listen now: https://rb.gy/f42j4hQ (See Document_8594.pdf)"
spam	"Robinhood: Password reset requested. View invoice: https://short.ly/cVIjP835KoYH"
spam	"Robinhood: Payroll issue. Open portal: https://phipboe.info/okta/HKBHYAi2dv"
spam	"Robinhood: Payroll issue. Reset password: https://ufvsppdvudk.com/support"
spam	"Robinhood: Prize winner. Reinstate access: http://secure-robinhood.com/signin"
spam	"Robinhood: Re-authenticate to continue. Use code 313987 to reinstate access."
spam	"Robinhood: Referral bonus available. Continue to site: https://robinhoodaccount.xyz/support"
spam	"Robinhood: Referral bonus available. Enable protection: https://robinhood-secure.info/update (See Document_5095.pdf)"
spam	"Robinhood: Security alert. Authorize: https://nmyopybck.info/claim/RTgCGOi"
spam	"Robinhood: Security alert. Claim reward: http://r0binh00d.co/github"
spam	"Robinhood: Server migration. Call +1-923-785-8471 immediately to schedule."
spam	"Robinhood: Shareholder update. View document: https://bit.ly/0eAW00xmS3"
spam	"Robinhood: Social media violation. Complete training: https://short.ly/CbGYmXB"
spam	"Robinhood: Storage is almost full. Accept: http://186.154.129.89/reset"
spam	"Robinhood: Storage policy change. View document: https://robinhoodhelp.com/secure?token=3veGprQFnIiU74KK"
spam	"Robinhood: Subscription renewal failed. Use code 056233 to confirm."
spam	"Robinhood: Tax form available. Accept: https://robinhoodportal.org/confirm?token=Gx6PkqK9RLeN4zbO"
spam	"Robinhood: Tax form available. Use code 923267 to accept."
spam	"Robinhood: Two-factor disabled. Activate: https://agjzviuvkiks.co/github"
spam	"Robinhood: Two-factor disabled. Schedule: http://r0binh00d.net/docs?id=zw3n2QsaSjD4Q6t2&ref=ieFM2x"
spam	"Robinhood: Unusual login detected. Use code 014612 to fix immediately."
spam	"Robinhood: Unusual login detected. Use code 222694 to open attachment."
spam	"Robinhood: Vacation request approved. Use code 875261 to continue to site."
spam	"Robinhood: Verify identity to receive funds. Confirm details: https://shjktoqxpq.us/review"
spam	"Robinhood: Voicemail transcription. Call +1-888-507-5312 immediately to acknowledge notice."
spam	"Robinhood: Voicemail transcription. Claim reward: https://ow.ly/GkGuYaC"
spam	"Robinhood: Your account has been suspended. Track package: https://rb.gy/6sbCNHebgYN7"
spam	"Robinhood: Your account has been suspended. Use code 724684 to schedule."
spam	"Robinhood: eFax received. Fix immediately: https://robinhoodsupport.us/invoice/EBdnUwA6s"
spam	"Robinhood: eFax received. Use code 708063 to track package."
spam	"SSA: Action required. Call +1-327-588-8118 immediately to listen now."
spam	"SSA: Action required. Enable protection: https://tinyurl.com/B1rcavXiOqk"
spam	"SSA: Activate service now. Reinstate access: http://ssa-secure.us/slack?id=ViLC6vKyCdMV40V0&ref=zZDIKq"
spam	"SSA: Benefit update needed. Use code 358464 to get refund."
spam	"SSA: Chargeback notice. Reinstate access: https://ssaportal.me/confirm?session=txHF2vJyPl28JuE9&utm=rmngYh (See Document_6478.pdf)"
spam	"SSA: Chargeback notice. Use code 461050 to continue to site."
spam	"SSA: Check bounced. Open portal: https://ssa-verify.info/sharepoint?token=DNWEiI5VRbG1MW7m"
spam	"SSA: Check bounced. Resolve issue: http://ssa32.online/message"
spam	"SSA: Check bounced. Update payment: http://ssa-billing.online/portal?id=S6jrGFTUj76mYVZJ&ref=0w2Hy2"
spam	"SSA: Compliance training overdue. Approve sign-in: https://ssa-verify.org/file?token=INMoPrRCvIr0nDra - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"SSA: Compliance training overdue. Proceed to payment: http://113.232.9.212/drive"
spam	"SSA: Confirm beneficiary. Use code 672438 to get refund. - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"SSA: Copyright claim. Open attachment: http://225.181.235.178/sign"
spam	"SSA: Crypto airdrop. Secure account: http://176.216.33.27/login"
spam	"SSA: DMCA notice. Secure account: http://ssa.site/voicemail - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"SSA: Direct deposit update. Listen now: https://ssasupport.org/sign?token=SiyAKgMEy3Kzm9ma"
spam	"SSA: Dispute filed. Authorize: https://ssahelp.online/teams/Viqy95 - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"SSA: Invoice is overdue. Schedule: https://zbzgjqt.site/auth"
spam	"SSA: Legal action pending. Open portal: https://djkqfwqetezt.org/secure/6tCQJFf"
spam	"SSA: Legal action pending. Use code 763204 to unlock now."
spam	"SSA: Legal action pending. Use code 929652 to start verification."
spam	"SSA: Limited-time deal. Call +1-361-607-5991 immediately to schedule."
spam	"SSA: Limited-time deal. Confirm details: http://222.214.193.36/support"
spam	"SSA: Loan approval ready. Use code 848000 to listen now. - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"SSA: MFA approval required. Schedule: https://tinyurl.com/kZIYexT"
spam	"SSA: Mailbox quota exceeded. Reinstate access: https://buff.ly/BY468T"
spam	"SSA: Mailbox quota exceeded. Track package: http://ssahelp.online/message?id=5B4GL2lNEPvBL0WH&ref=IzsFVe"
spam	"SSA: Missed call. Track package: https://ssa-billing.online/drive?token=RPTXDEo8oj35Nq6x"
spam	"SSA: Open enrollment ends soon. Reinstate access: http://pbcgncscnmo.biz/subscription?id=VlbXrvo5o9CUYyLY&ref=8DMgSB"
spam	"SSA: Open enrollment ends soon. Schedule: https://rb.gy/9Cl2AvvGe15"
spam	"SSA: Package delivery failed. Start verification: https://cpjxjnaa.info/quickbooks"
spam	"SSA: Password reset requested. Approve sign-in: http://ssa-verify.site/sharepoint (See Document_0936.pdf)"
spam	"SSA: Password reset requested. View document: https://rbrvnftuxw.us/github?session=Cwxwo7ImEPnV5uEM&utm=WUTNGF"
spam	"SSA: Payroll issue. Use code 280151 to claim reward."
spam	"SSA: Payroll issue. Use code 981086 to resolve issue."
spam	"SSA: Re-authenticate to continue. Use code 116844 to view invoice."
spam	"SSA: Referral bonus available. Deny if not you: https://ssaupdate.us/activate/DfnpmQPh"
spam	"SSA: Refund available. Listen now: https://t.co/HrK4Nugws"
spam	"SSA: Refund available. View invoice: https://is.gd/jkNdFb"
spam	"SSA: Shareholder update. Fix immediately: http://ssa.info/approve (See Document_3238.pdf)"
spam	"SSA: Shareholder update. Reinstate access: http://ssa-billing.online/voicemail?id=0tWUrwoLC8x34cJl&ref=K5PbSm"
spam	"SSA: Shareholder update. Start verification: https://ssa.com/file?session=KTg80n43ikxOvBWS&utm=Y9bdgd"
spam	"SSA: Storage is almost full. Approve sign-in: https://ow.ly/ZLYxci"
spam	"SSA: Storage is almost full. Use code 673385 to get refund."
spam	"SSA: Subscription expired. Accept: http://191.214.192.230/login"
spam	"SSA: Subscription expired. Call +1-885-830-6563 immediately to open portal."
spam	"SSA: Subscription renewal failed. Track package: http://ssaaccount.org/review"
spam	"SSA: Tax form available. Confirm: https://ssasupport.info/voicemail (See Document_5413.pdf)"
spam	"SSA: Tax form available. Reinstate access: https://fxouiwfa.online/claim?session=ufzQgliEu7paqypC&utm=Wr9vtL - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"SSA: Tax form available. Review activity: https://ssa21.io/confirm?token=EqcWPmsw3Xd3Pvrh"
spam	"SSA: Tax refund pending. Reinstate access: http://93.192.65.10/review"
spam	"SSA: Timesheet rejection. Authorize: https://goo.gl/WpIvFoB9J"
spam	"SSA: Unlock your account. Deny if not you: https://ssa-verify.online/authenticate (See Document_4303.pdf)"
spam	"SSA: VPN access change. Verify now: https://rb.gy/5Kn0ZEKS9p"
spam	"SSA: Vacation request approved. Call +1-053-947-7231 immediately to open portal."
spam	"SSA: Vacation request approved. Open attachment: http://247.33.43.27/reset"
spam	"SSA: Vacation request approved. Unlock now: https://bit.ly/AZ6wgu"
spam	"SSA: Verify identity to receive funds. Download file: https://rb.gy/zl6VOxGgLnp"
spam	"SSA: Voicemail transcription. View invoice: http://54.133.106.123/access"
spam	"SSA: Voicemail waiting. Approve sign-in: https://ssa.com/secure/VV8NEV"
spam	"Security alert: New sign-in detected. Verify immediately to secure your account."
spam	"SharePoint: A file was shared with you: Q863794_Policy.pdf. Access: https://sharepoint-auth.com/docs?id=WZkSBvrjn9Wv"
spam	"SharePoint: Account upgrade. Reset password: https://t.co/64bNC2hU (See Document_7317.pdf)"
spam	"SharePoint: Account upgrade. Secure account: https://is.gd/HhwYTCTwS"
spam	"SharePoint: Account upgrade. Secure account: https://t.co/2PhIdr (See Document_0136.pdf)"
spam	"SharePoint: Activate service now. Continue to site: https://sharepointupdate.org/sharepoint?session=HP9lZfUWZQF4Gqn9&utm=J6oFWf"
spam	"SharePoint: Chargeback notice. Open attachment: https://secure-sharepoint.site/docusign"
spam	"SharePoint: Check bounced. Fix immediately: https://ptmobnallrud.io/access?session=JNm74xWqztzn0LIS&utm=MCag8s"
spam	"SharePoint: Check bounced. Reinstate access: https://tinyurl.com/GvTQSu"
spam	"SharePoint: Compliance training overdue. Acknowledge notice: https://sharepointupdate.xyz/invoice/hJdEAH"
spam	"SharePoint: Compliance training overdue. Activate: https://t.co/OWjt5QmM"
spam	"SharePoint: Compliance training overdue. Secure account: https://sharepoint-billing.online/subscription?token=FouS2sLQAlxQ1MwL"
spam	"SharePoint: Compliance training overdue. View document: http://sharepointportal.info/payment"
spam	"SharePoint: Confirm payment. Call +1-476-590-8882 immediately to start verification."
spam	"SharePoint: Confirm your identity. Complete training: https://sharepointsupport.me/activate/AO5flY7yML2J"
spam	"SharePoint: Copyright claim. Accept: https://bit.ly/2Q4tnHMGmVzs"
spam	"SharePoint: Copyright claim. Claim reward: https://qfucsvrqho.io/billing?token=yJaaV0DYKWE4sCEq"
spam	"SharePoint: Copyright claim. View document: https://sharepointaccount.me/teams/fdNjXXVo8p"
spam	"SharePoint: Crypto airdrop. Deny if not you: https://bhtmuyoaeyj.biz/docusign/wwoSWB"
spam	"SharePoint: Customs duty required. Activate: https://bit.ly/r1lnoXwF"
spam	"SharePoint: Dispute filed. Use code 668170 to schedule."
spam	"SharePoint: Exclusive offer. Activate: https://sharepointupdate.io/login?token=pxp5dqHqEALF081T"
spam	"SharePoint: Invoice is overdue. Deny if not you: http://sharepointupdate.me/subscription?id=6YpI0QDMkCJDyC8I&ref=0kpzaO"
spam	"SharePoint: Invoice is overdue. Reinstate access: https://sharepointupdate.net/billing?session=wnBlhbHTGDb9wWAf&utm=FdPDLg"
spam	"SharePoint: Invoice is overdue. Track package: https://sharepointupdate.net/slack?session=GmCOp4vq0H0PZyz2&utm=KgsYiu"
spam	"SharePoint: Legal action pending. Open portal: http://secure-sharepoint.org/message?id=tkBro76nXwbi458C&ref=h18ybC"
spam	"SharePoint: Legal action pending. View document: http://sharep0int.online/voicemail?id=tV5vt9770bCgSnid&ref=KreeFy"
spam	"SharePoint: Mailbox quota exceeded. Deny if not you: https://sharepointportal.io/onedrive/462o6H7"
spam	"SharePoint: Missed call. Claim reward: https://sharepoint-login.biz/slack/Bdml9lc"
spam	"SharePoint: Missed delivery. Acknowledge notice: http://zdxfxfdlke.me/verify?id=vT6UKuKhZJrQaXGw&ref=kQCcsw"
spam	"SharePoint: NFT whitelist access. Get refund: https://rtcxbsuootor.com/onedrive/XOrwBGsqAEKZ"
spam	"SharePoint: NFT whitelist access. Track package: http://zjkkybpj.me/access?id=Rrrbdaea4vBH5K7E&ref=EMdo89"
spam	"SharePoint: New device sign-in. Confirm details: http://67.197.123.150/docusign"
spam	"SharePoint: Open enrollment ends soon. Claim reward: https://bit.ly/cv16dRMdJnc"
spam	"SharePoint: Package delivery failed. Use code 668455 to reinstate access."
spam	"SharePoint: Password expires today. Call +1-069-522-2336 immediately to verify now."
spam	"SharePoint: Payment failed. Schedule: https://sharepointaccount.net/mfa/djDboesj (See Document_7167.pdf)"
spam	"SharePoint: Payment failed. Use code 520193 to view invoice."
spam	"SharePoint: Payroll issue. Approve sign-in: http://159.175.168.151/login"
spam	"SharePoint: Payroll issue. Claim reward: https://sharepoint-verify.xyz/download"
spam	"SharePoint: Payroll issue. Reinstate access: http://sharepoint75.us/signin"
spam	"SharePoint: Prize winner. Reset password: https://ow.ly/Aa5CD4E"
spam	"SharePoint: Prize winner. Track package: https://sharepointupdate.site/sign?session=wgd2YDKexHZ3aNTo&utm=Sv350I"
spam	"SharePoint: Re-authenticate to continue. Download file: http://sharepointhelp.org/billing?id=7ujaVIGvPTsE5s8W&ref=KQjZKU"
spam	"SharePoint: Re-authenticate to continue. Secure account: https://bit.ly/K1Mtv6fdgAl"
spam	"SharePoint: Referral bonus available. Accept: https://sharepoint-billing.org/confirm/4DsM6EUO9r"
spam	"SharePoint: Refund available. Secure account: https://is.gd/IIzfwo4nQ"
spam	"SharePoint: Security alert. Claim reward: https://gxxawrg.biz/sharepoint/btG1HFGML7va"
spam	"SharePoint: Security alert. Deny if not you: https://jvvahmfj.com/sharepoint?session=pgccGiY7jrwblTv3&utm=1ZMflL"
spam	"SharePoint: Security alert. Open portal: https://sharepoint-secure.org/reward?token=sDMM3gVEkD5THTbl"
spam	"SharePoint: Security alert. Start verification: https://buff.ly/BpgGMT - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"SharePoint: Server migration. Claim reward: http://sharepointportal.org/docs?id=MqpJwTkjVa4EUPYn&ref=4hfNy9"
spam	"SharePoint: Shareholder update. Claim reward: https://sharepoint-secure.info/invoice?token=zY0cx8aXTx4whBWb (See Document_2825.pdf)"
spam	"SharePoint: Social media violation. Continue to site: https://sharepoint98.me/okta?token=2fu75wmVj9nt1exN"
spam	"SharePoint: Social media violation. Fix immediately: https://bit.ly/TcOEdAnpAM"
spam	"SharePoint: Storage policy change. Confirm: http://sharepoint-secure.site/payment"
spam	"SharePoint: Subscription expired. Unlock now: https://bgbhpvyamxyg.org/appeal/b2FYmKky"
spam	"SharePoint: Tax form available. Open portal: https://lqmoeugpqc.net/zoom?token=77nuXScOGEJ5UAUJ"
spam	"SharePoint: Tax form available. Use code 394401 to claim reward. - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"SharePoint: Tax refund pending. Unlock now: https://sharepointaccount.io/okta/ldiL0DzpCC"
spam	"SharePoint: Timesheet rejection. Accept: http://148.239.194.114/slack"
spam	"SharePoint: Two-factor disabled. Claim reward: https://sharepointhelp.xyz/reward/CoyC4Lf (See Document_4779.pdf)"
spam	"SharePoint: Two-factor disabled. Track package: https://gkeldhgpgea.site/support"
spam	"SharePoint: Unusual login detected. Approve sign-in: http://sharepointupdate.com/drive"
spam	"SharePoint: Vacation request approved. Open attachment: http://secure-sharepoint.biz/billing"
spam	"SharePoint: Vacation request approved. Secure account: https://sharepointportal.net/reward?session=5URrMh4QE6XbiWvr&utm=RgiRja"
spam	"SharePoint: Verify identity to receive funds. Schedule: https://sharepoint-secure.info/support?token=r6BLGpnbzEPCQnb0"
spam	"SharePoint: Wire transfer on hold. Approve sign-in: https://sharepoint05.co/confirm?token=X0iKA122NZ2Xm2aZ - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"SharePoint: Wire transfer on hold. Verify now: https://buff.ly/50NpKG"
spam	"SharePoint: Your account has been suspended. Confirm: https://dophcryawxn.biz/review?token=VLbDDXi3TzlY3xOD"
spam	"SharePoint: Your photo here. Approve sign-in: https://sharepointhelp.info/update"
spam	"SharePoint: Your photo here. Unlock now: http://sharepoint-verify.xyz/update?id=JZyNG2Clmyjw7zMV&ref=jdSSrP"
spam	"SharePoint: eFax received. Call +1-943-971-5010 immediately to update payment."
spam	"SharePoint: eFax received. Listen now: https://dwpzjfz.net/message/BVM4pAaKLFcE"
spam	"SharePoint: eFax received. Start verification: https://t.co/mgBgYdRNEDj"
spam	"Slack: Account upgrade. Download file: https://yjxiwvlbq.net/reward/w3WKEi8Ha"
spam	"Slack: Account upgrade. Listen now: https://s1ack.xyz/authenticate/lKFnQ90V8Dr7 (See Document_4665.pdf)"
spam	"Slack: Chargeback notice. Use code 848606 to approve sign-in."
spam	"Slack: Compliance training overdue. Resolve issue: https://slack-login.site/redeem (See Document_4176.pdf)"
spam	"Slack: Compliance training overdue. Track package: http://tcvsrfpdre.us/drive?id=NqkzLskbnTSLIR9Q&ref=p4fRXp (See Document_5490.pdf)"
spam	"Slack: Confirm beneficiary. Fix immediately: https://zyymfmodhn.xyz/message"
spam	"Slack: Confirm payment. Secure account: https://slack-secure.me/docs?token=XyfLeZn1tRohB7M9"
spam	"Slack: Confirm your identity. Activate: https://ow.ly/b9Do6wZ0kz"
spam	"Slack: Copyright claim. Open attachment: https://slackaccount.xyz/onedrive?token=TnSTFuEwJ77YUrsh"
spam	"Slack: Court notice. Deny if not you: https://bit.ly/PfhD7znYn"
spam	"Slack: Customs duty required. Deny if not you: https://slack-secure.org/secure?session=mVuIFd4E6UUlNcd0&utm=JRCLIR"
spam	"Slack: Direct deposit update. Start verification: https://slackportal.com/download?session=6FEJMsYQ28peNg4a&utm=2bNd2a"
spam	"Slack: Direct deposit update. Use code 432417 to approve sign-in."
spam	"Slack: Dispute filed. Authorize: https://slackaccount.biz/secure"
spam	"Slack: Document shared with you. Open attachment: http://slack-billing.info/quickbooks"
spam	"Slack: KYC verification needed. Download file: http://153.87.141.99/onedrive (See Document_0789.pdf)"
spam	"Slack: Legal action pending. Approve sign-in: https://slacksupport.online/billing?session=exBXsgu42Z8pnVcC&utm=XbyAAR - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Slack: Loan approval ready. Approve sign-in: https://secure-slack.io/verify"
spam	"Slack: Loan approval ready. Reset password: http://slackhelp.xyz/okta"
spam	"Slack: MFA approval required. Confirm details: https://elqeneiivyq.us/secure/TCETguyvhdW"
spam	"Slack: Mailbox quota exceeded. Acknowledge notice: http://slackportal.us/drive?id=Pk0ooltfy2VxeJwO&ref=VqIpLB - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Slack: Mailbox quota exceeded. Activate: https://rb.gy/VRuH0a"
spam	"Slack: Meeting recording available. Get refund: http://slacksupport.org/reward"
spam	"Slack: Meeting recording available. Track package: https://slackupdate.online/quickbooks"
spam	"Slack: Missed call. Use code 850957 to open portal."
spam	"Slack: Missed delivery. Get refund: https://apvnxae.net/login/qx6Eo4gycEs"
spam	"Slack: Package delivery failed. Reinstate access: https://t.co/aVsu4E4rT - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Slack: Password reset requested. Acknowledge notice: https://jnosbqypxau.net/invoice?token=dor6st8qiMM8czEr (See Document_6524.pdf)"
spam	"Slack: Password reset requested. Use code 062766 to get refund."
spam	"Slack: Payment failed. Confirm: https://slack-secure.xyz/update"
spam	"Slack: Security alert. Unlock now: http://tjufabpitivm.co/slack"
spam	"Slack: Social media violation. Unlock now: https://s1ack.org/approve"
spam	"Slack: Storage is almost full. Accept: https://s1ack.co/sharepoint?token=YCE9E60hrcwZC22D"
spam	"Slack: Storage is almost full. Call +1-155-668-4732 immediately to verify now."
spam	"Slack: Subscription renewal failed. Confirm details: https://slackhelp.io/access?token=hZba9sMxv27NJvp4"
spam	"Slack: Tax form available. Review activity: https://goo.gl/q1I1j847E7 - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Slack: Tax refund pending. Call +1-946-125-7981 immediately to download receipt."
spam	"Slack: Timesheet rejection. Proceed to payment: http://152.66.111.150/payment"
spam	"Slack: Two-factor disabled. Use code 606398 to start verification."
spam	"Slack: Two-factor disabled. Use code 972540 to review activity."
spam	"Slack: Unusual login detected. Claim reward: http://slack-billing.info/update?id=mcO0R9K52oIPdnaD&ref=TwJ0lM"
spam	"Slack: Unusual login detected. Open attachment: https://s1ack.online/support/7AYJEcN"
spam	"Slack: VPN access change. Authorize: http://slackportal.org/claim"
spam	"Slack: VPN access change. Listen now: https://neqxyiunobv.xyz/okta/OAjXiOPyk"
spam	"Slack: VPN access change. Use code 276293 to proceed to payment."
spam	"Slack: VPN access change. Use code 759243 to activate. - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Slack: VPN access change. View document: https://slack-login.info/quickbooks/YFxf3mk7Tww5"
spam	"Slack: Vacation request approved. Fix immediately: http://s1ack.org/review?id=W3IlA61FExnLmKma&ref=UanZRt"
spam	"Slack: Vacation request approved. Reinstate access: https://tinyurl.com/eCava8k5k - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Slack: Vacation request approved. Use code 133375 to confirm details."
spam	"Slack: Voicemail transcription. Call +1-007-516-7486 immediately to activate."
spam	"Slack: Your account has been suspended. Unlock now: https://vvjmmefh.com/subscription?token=fmmmMW0vMRDui3n2"
spam	"Slack: eFax received. Call +1-807-186-0699 immediately to confirm."
spam	"Slack: eFax received. Fix immediately: http://slackhelp.io/approve?id=0Oe6wsKn884f5EsP&ref=JVNzHO"
spam	"Slack: eFax received. Use code 585042 to authorize."
spam	"Southwest: Account upgrade. View document: https://rb.gy/N96TZrN7U"
spam	"Southwest: Action required. Enable protection: https://southwestaccount.online/signin?token=crW6CjakSUH7IJTk - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Southwest: Action required. Fix immediately: https://secure-southwest.us/subscription"
spam	"Southwest: Activate service now. Confirm: http://gubola.online/subscription?id=42Kc8lNHcDJ4fk9V&ref=3Qfzb9 (See Document_4901.pdf)"
spam	"Southwest: Benefit update needed. Resolve issue: https://rb.gy/1tv11JcNYME"
spam	"Southwest: Chargeback notice. Use code 146591 to download file."
spam	"Southwest: Confirm beneficiary. Activate: https://rb.gy/iepnaOv"
spam	"Southwest: Confirm beneficiary. Call +1-171-087-4853 immediately to unlock now."
spam	"Southwest: Confirm payment. Start verification: https://southwestsupport.site/okta"
spam	"Southwest: Court notice. Download receipt: http://southwest-secure.com/subscription?id=vvWPT7hosJkFz7XT&ref=CQ7B2Y"
spam	"Southwest: Court notice. Unlock now: http://184.126.190.61/login"
spam	"Southwest: Court notice. Use code 167110 to download receipt."
spam	"Southwest: Crypto airdrop. Confirm: https://southwest-secure.online/reset?token=GG8x8HKNsCcMQL0b"
spam	"Southwest: Crypto airdrop. Reset password: https://oxygwmcjxbj.io/confirm?session=gGhPeazS9NMsQ5jZ&utm=85YLlk - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Southwest: Crypto airdrop. Secure account: http://77.129.81.160/update"
spam	"Southwest: Customs duty required. Download receipt: https://buff.ly/hbahtOL"
spam	"Southwest: Customs duty required. Open attachment: https://goo.gl/RA36W9S"
spam	"Southwest: Device sign-in attempt. Confirm: https://s0uthwest.com/auth - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Southwest: Dispute filed. Authorize: http://25.207.56.87/payment"
spam	"Southwest: Dispute filed. Get refund: http://ptmqvxkytbus.us/approve"
spam	"Southwest: Dispute filed. Reinstate access: https://southwestaccount.info/login"
spam	"Southwest: Exclusive offer. Use code 060326 to fix immediately."
spam	"Southwest: Invoice is overdue. Verify now: http://secure-southwest.org/secure?id=ASqNyOLpOwEHQ9l4&ref=t1o4sQ"
spam	"Southwest: KYC verification needed. Deny if not you: https://southwest-secure.me/track/pmVVyL8jev1R"
spam	"Southwest: Legal action pending. Open attachment: http://8.121.203.91/support"
spam	"Southwest: Loan approval ready. Reinstate access: https://s0uthwest.us/approve/BtYBKk6Bx"
spam	"Southwest: MFA approval required. View document: https://goo.gl/ZKZAoTJw1M - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Southwest: Mailbox quota exceeded. Reset password: https://s0uthwest.xyz/confirm?token=MuzLcF37bvBlAb3H"
spam	"Southwest: Meeting recording available. Approve sign-in: https://roylpicff.online/verify?session=o5MdqcIdG6AiTUHW&utm=ZTouUS"
spam	"Southwest: Meeting recording available. Fix immediately: http://154.9.18.139/github"
spam	"Southwest: NFT whitelist access. Use code 272072 to confirm."
spam	"Southwest: New device sign-in. Fix immediately: https://gxaxixs.site/login/42FCrDRF6R"
spam	"Southwest: New device sign-in. Reinstate access: http://131.63.67.173/docusign"
spam	"Southwest: Package delivery failed. Reset password: https://ckfncxbxlhz.io/quickbooks"
spam	"Southwest: Payment failed. Confirm details: https://s0uthwest.org/payment?session=RfG3PKJeAgopZLaF&utm=x4EdsL"
spam	"Southwest: Re-authenticate to continue. Get refund: https://southwestaccount.info/claim/wWA5oE1"
spam	"Southwest: Referral bonus available. Deny if not you: http://233.174.154.59/payment (See Document_7749.pdf)"
spam	"Southwest: Referral bonus available. Deny if not you: https://llvrzzfnh.org/review?session=TSLHTQfHh6gZ9MNr&utm=lJhF04"
spam	"Southwest: Referral bonus available. Use code 343098 to secure account."
spam	"Southwest: Server migration. Open portal: http://ijynofcvfjr.me/message"
spam	"Southwest: Server migration. Open portal: http://southwest-secure.net/quickbooks - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Southwest: Server migration. Use code 609121 to reinstate access."
spam	"Southwest: Server migration. Use code 836957 to activate."
spam	"Southwest: Shareholder update. Open portal: https://southwest-billing.site/quickbooks?token=2sFodD9qjVUYskkK"
spam	"Southwest: Social media violation. Use code 223596 to start verification."
spam	"Southwest: Storage is almost full. Approve sign-in: http://tdpdlnoskdoh.co/quickbooks"
spam	"Southwest: Subscription expired. Confirm: http://southwest-secure.co/reset?id=rjNUNHf9Z2f7KOrs&ref=fkR19G"
spam	"Southwest: Subscription renewal failed. Complete training: http://227.244.155.111/activate (See Document_5574.pdf)"
spam	"Southwest: Tax refund pending. Track package: https://southwest-billing.us/drive"
spam	"Southwest: Unlock your account. Acknowledge notice: https://southwest-secure.xyz/zoom?session=SQjL5kxXQ8QIQl34&utm=kH5kTI"
spam	"Southwest: Unlock your account. Acknowledge notice: https://southwestsupport.online/invoice"
spam	"Southwest: Unlock your account. Reset password: https://s0uthwest.me/auth?session=5FCQghaoscld96F3&utm=oBeFtu"
spam	"Southwest: Unlock your account. Start verification: http://94.127.114.30/approve"
spam	"Southwest: Unusual login detected. Accept: https://southwest-verify.org/track?token=rURetwl908L4326K"
spam	"Southwest: Vacation request approved. Use code 826894 to reinstate access."
spam	"Southwest: Verify identity to receive funds. Resolve issue: https://southwest-secure.co/okta/d7TQ6eHCnj5I"
spam	"Southwest: Voicemail transcription. Resolve issue: http://southwest-verify.com/update?id=pzs16GUFpEiSwNRZ&ref=QXbWgj"
spam	"Southwest: Wire transfer on hold. Proceed to payment: https://southwesthelp.info/payment?token=4Oe1XbCpDVLNzrL0"
spam	"Southwest: Your photo here. Download file: https://southwestaccount.online/slack?token=118JIxNiSruoWPsh"
spam	"Southwest: Your photo here. Update payment: https://southwest-secure.xyz/docs/O3crX7x6dzRE - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Southwest: eFax received. Reset password: https://ow.ly/ANGDuhVRT"
spam	"Spectrum: Account upgrade. Use code 765215 to review activity."
spam	"Spectrum: Activate service now. Use code 574205 to update payment. - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Spectrum: Activate service now. View document: https://spectrum46.net/authenticate/KyLnNfhbNJX"
spam	"Spectrum: Benefit update needed. Download file: https://secure-spectrum.io/auth?token=YUvlsUEfv5AiBqnL"
spam	"Spectrum: Chargeback notice. Fix immediately: http://spectrumportal.online/github?id=qpJbgXUZm9E7yjGI&ref=Ixt7IS"
spam	"Spectrum: Chargeback notice. Get refund: https://spectrumaccount.online/billing"
spam	"Spectrum: Chargeback notice. Use code 953481 to open portal."
spam	"Spectrum: Chargeback notice. View invoice: https://spectrumupdate.info/zoom/cbgZzJEK9P"
spam	"Spectrum: Check bounced. Track package: https://bit.ly/amRVEa1WVL1b - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Spectrum: Check bounced. Track package: https://drkfprpl.com/github?session=d6Yc3kjcNUywmKoK&utm=Cltix7"
spam	"Spectrum: Confirm beneficiary. Complete training: https://secure-spectrum.org/duo?session=VastAkqb2XtRXW8P&utm=s5gz7n"
spam	"Spectrum: Copyright claim. View document: https://rb.gy/rmmo4W"
spam	"Spectrum: DMCA notice. Download receipt: https://spectrum-secure.com/payment"
spam	"Spectrum: Device sign-in attempt. Reset password: https://rb.gy/4oKhybdCz"
spam	"Spectrum: Dispute filed. Call +1-912-896-5999 immediately to continue to site."
spam	"Spectrum: Document shared with you. Deny if not you: https://olupntdpdnfb.info/appeal"
spam	"Spectrum: Exclusive offer. Unlock now: https://secure-spectrum.co/mfa/Hwoy0WO"
spam	"Spectrum: Invoice is overdue. Use code 967656 to complete training."
spam	"Spectrum: KYC verification needed. Authorize: http://spectrumaccount.net/claim"
spam	"Spectrum: Legal action pending. Listen now: http://zaclubzfzqxh.co/activate"
spam	"Spectrum: Loan approval ready. Start verification: http://spectrum.co/update (See Document_8238.pdf)"
spam	"Spectrum: MFA approval required. Accept: https://spectrum24.me/redeem?session=GGlQURL03HpRjarq&utm=49cH06"
spam	"Spectrum: Mailbox quota exceeded. Download file: https://tinyurl.com/DNKgeI"
spam	"Spectrum: Mailbox quota exceeded. Use code 674060 to start verification."
spam	"Spectrum: Meeting recording available. Start verification: https://yyiervl.biz/signin?session=HCa7ShEaSGXURzF3&utm=5gxkcE"
spam	"Spectrum: Missed call. Acknowledge notice: https://spectrumhelp.online/file?token=IhWfwg25PKsOn37V"
spam	"Spectrum: Missed call. Fix immediately: http://232.210.27.179/payment"
spam	"Spectrum: Missed call. Resolve issue: http://88.62.159.74/signin"
spam	"Spectrum: Missed call. Use code 752442 to activate."
spam	"Spectrum: NFT whitelist access. Complete training: https://spectrumsupport.co/duo/09KeQtB2NBH (See Document_8374.pdf) - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Spectrum: Open enrollment ends soon. Use code 024452 to deny if not you."
spam	"Spectrum: Password expires today. View invoice: https://spectrum-secure.net/claim/ZioGJFHG7"
spam	"Spectrum: Payment failed. Fix immediately: https://spectrum.io/invoice"
spam	"Spectrum: Payment failed. Schedule: https://spectrumhelp.site/secure/M9ppxtaR8k"
spam	"Spectrum: Re-authenticate to continue. Continue to site: https://spectrum-verify.io/authenticate?session=6WM0aeonsTVoUyLt&utm=4yswKs - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Spectrum: Referral bonus available. Call +1-031-030-3723 immediately to start verification."
spam	"Spectrum: Referral bonus available. Use code 196223 to update payment."
spam	"Spectrum: Refund available. Claim reward: https://spectrum53.org/review?token=niyUbpYI77SVzhOx"
spam	"Spectrum: Server migration. Enable protection: http://spectrumupdate.us/voicemail?id=ue7C9K4ImPGDT7fQ&ref=pvwz9B"
spam	"Spectrum: Shareholder update. Resolve issue: https://secure-spectrum.site/duo?session=mZTXNBZsYTf8BnHi&utm=vfgE20"
spam	"Spectrum: Shareholder update. Update payment: https://buff.ly/pu510blqWf"
spam	"Spectrum: Storage is almost full. Claim reward: http://84.166.18.38/activate"
spam	"Spectrum: Storage policy change. Track package: https://spectrum-login.org/message?token=G0NU3DBdDsch3FDx"
spam	"Spectrum: Storage policy change. Use code 716099 to secure account."
spam	"Spectrum: Subscription expired. Complete training: https://xtshhzyhea.me/sharepoint?token=1COysDr5JOAiGyM9"
spam	"Spectrum: Subscription expired. Schedule: https://ow.ly/RNzclyN0Dzo"
spam	"Spectrum: Subscription renewal failed. Call +1-815-635-8204 immediately to reinstate access."
spam	"Spectrum: Subscription renewal failed. Deny if not you: https://spectrum.io/support?token=v6WF5q3vhXatIr5I"
spam	"Spectrum: Tax form available. Accept: http://spectrum-billing.online/teams"
spam	"Spectrum: Tax refund pending. Confirm details: https://ow.ly/VkwLIkSI"
spam	"Spectrum: Tax refund pending. Confirm: https://spectrum17.com/claim?token=ocFysaWqmBNy4KMw"
spam	"Spectrum: Timesheet rejection. Acknowledge notice: https://spectrumaccount.site/appeal"
spam	"Spectrum: Two-factor disabled. Claim reward: https://bit.ly/mQZ3XmMz"
spam	"Spectrum: Unlock your account. Fix immediately: http://7.80.49.19/verify"
spam	"Spectrum: Unlock your account. Open portal: http://115.248.27.237/billing"
spam	"Spectrum: Unusual login detected. Approve sign-in: http://250.15.91.167/activate"
spam	"Spectrum: Unusual login detected. Track package: https://spectrum14.xyz/claim - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Spectrum: Unusual login detected. Use code 529867 to resolve issue."
spam	"Spectrum: Unusual login detected. Use code 532484 to secure account."
spam	"Spectrum: VPN access change. Use code 988424 to reset password."
spam	"Spectrum: Vacation request approved. Schedule: https://spectrumsupport.net/download?session=AUop5iX71tIkFihc&utm=vHzImd"
spam	"Spectrum: Verify identity to receive funds. Acknowledge notice: http://spectrumsupport.co/support"
spam	"Spectrum: Voicemail transcription. Download file: https://goo.gl/SJR04Cuje4K"
spam	"Spectrum: Voicemail waiting. Approve sign-in: http://wmiaonl.online/support?id=kPa5daa4lnWZUsfs&ref=njmwn2 (See Document_5575.pdf)"
spam	"Spectrum: Wire transfer on hold. Claim reward: https://spectrumaccount.xyz/portal"
spam	"Spectrum: Your account has been suspended. Reset password: https://ziwark.biz/zoom?token=aFzPVIjmgO4sXxCB"
spam	"Spectrum: Your photo here. Activate: https://rb.gy/t26SpkuRekl"
spam	"Spectrum: Your photo here. Confirm details: http://186.166.177.139/track"
spam	"Spectrum: eFax received. Accept: https://spectrum.biz/drive/ZPXMqNnaDPSJ"
spam	"Spectrum: eFax received. Start verification: https://thfrylqmifp.net/quickbooks?token=gf6iQiEtCneMHEsb"
spam	"Square: Account upgrade. Approve sign-in: http://125.200.74.186/track"
spam	"Square: Action required. Acknowledge notice: https://square62.xyz/file?token=iGytieqSImUA1OoL"
spam	"Square: Action required. Deny if not you: http://squareupdate.us/verify (See Document_7893.pdf)"
spam	"Square: Activate service now. Use code 270655 to reinstate access. - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Square: Benefit update needed. Download receipt: https://squareportal.com/signin?token=MncsIaaelBATyeDK"
spam	"Square: Check bounced. Acknowledge notice: https://square-billing.site/duo?token=y3Qcne5Dg2oCzak9 (See Document_4056.pdf)"
spam	"Square: Check bounced. Download file: http://squaresupport.site/slack?id=mwXMXejZqCarUmgO&ref=jqZ9ci"
spam	"Square: Compliance training overdue. Use code 321119 to enable protection."
spam	"Square: Confirm payment. Open portal: https://favpvdmo.xyz/teams?token=mvmM2zho1BUFrWTX"
spam	"Square: Copyright claim. Continue to site: https://square-login.net/voicemail/xcs8r7Q"
spam	"Square: Court notice. Claim reward: https://goo.gl/a15SHMht"
spam	"Square: Court notice. Fix immediately: https://square.us/verify?token=3o9BQy0tMi0LaFdm"
spam	"Square: Crypto airdrop. Authorize: http://asiytbpmwhj.net/docusign?id=DD2oXsN9qpQe05Qq&ref=SIEilw"
spam	"Square: Crypto airdrop. Fix immediately: http://zzsiyepjrbsj.me/portal"
spam	"Square: DMCA notice. Complete training: https://square-login.me/reset"
spam	"Square: Device sign-in attempt. Call +1-509-918-7751 immediately to download receipt."
spam	"Square: Dispute filed. Continue to site: https://jonjhysak.io/docusign?session=VP8fLcMnDapaw8af&utm=Qcz6eg"
spam	"Square: Exclusive offer. Use code 077574 to deny if not you."
spam	"Square: Invoice is overdue. Resolve issue: https://squarehelp.org/slack"
spam	"Square: KYC verification needed. Authorize: https://squareupdate.biz/verify"
spam	"Square: KYC verification needed. Call +1-467-781-7322 immediately to activate."
spam	"Square: KYC verification needed. Use code 276399 to open portal."
spam	"Square: Legal action pending. Review activity: https://square.site/portal"
spam	"Square: Mailbox quota exceeded. Update payment: http://179.168.246.131/voicemail"
spam	"Square: Meeting recording available. Verify now: https://t.co/nVmCAS"
spam	"Square: Missed call. Complete training: https://square-secure.xyz/invoice?session=csDaGPPrrSYqqu24&utm=oX1Riw"
spam	"Square: Missed delivery. Use code 763131 to continue to site."
spam	"Square: New device sign-in. Activate: http://square-billing.us/review"
spam	"Square: Open enrollment ends soon. Use code 372201 to view document."
spam	"Square: Password reset requested. Open attachment: https://dgbezz.org/appeal?session=q96qFkODJeiYhMy6&utm=PT0uO1"
spam	"Square: Password reset requested. Open attachment: https://wyzyno.info/slack?session=WcRq8jYnRAWlv19e&utm=kALTRF"
spam	"Square: Password reset requested. Update payment: https://ow.ly/XBC9Zw"
spam	"Square: Password reset requested. View invoice: https://is.gd/Ou4ZXPAYc"
spam	"Square: Payment failed. Verify now: https://square-billing.us/duo?session=rKvNOVPPNiKfWREM&utm=V9gMy1"
spam	"Square: Payroll issue. Secure account: http://99.142.62.100/billing - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Square: Prize winner. Get refund: http://squareaccount.io/support"
spam	"Square: Prize winner. View document: https://squareaccount.info/redeem/qHW40pv36"
spam	"Square: Referral bonus available. Fix immediately: https://rtibkdumrjg.info/invoice?session=JQ2zj8QVAR6yfZBI&utm=SUAs22"
spam	"Square: Referral bonus available. Secure account: https://square-login.online/duo/CaGz2ATZy"
spam	"Square: Security alert. Acknowledge notice: http://square-billing.biz/slack?id=Sn6EQy1DTpW6gyiu&ref=W7izXu (See Document_4696.pdf)"
spam	"Square: Security alert. Download file: https://square-login.site/docs?session=AEFWiASI8k8YKoPX&utm=oFYiXW - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Square: Security alert. Verify now: http://squareportal.me/verify"
spam	"Square: Server migration. Call +1-710-997-4789 immediately to update payment."
spam	"Square: Server migration. Review activity: http://tawvitwkemak.online/message"
spam	"Square: Storage is almost full. Download receipt: https://squareupdate.xyz/download (See Document_2004.pdf)"
spam	"Square: Storage policy change. Call +1-518-833-8953 immediately to continue to site."
spam	"Square: Subscription expired. Approve sign-in: https://square-login.site/authenticate/9xDKnzIBSxl"
spam	"Square: Tax form available. Secure account: https://squareportal.online/approve"
spam	"Square: Tax refund pending. Use code 187109 to view invoice."
spam	"Square: Timesheet rejection. Enable protection: http://squaresupport.com/billing?id=AlLF5Wc9ZvatZwRJ&ref=UvAK3Q"
spam	"Square: Timesheet rejection. Open portal: https://squarehelp.online/reset?session=vBkU6EnNBYrmRXm2&utm=hBfXja"
spam	"Square: Two-factor disabled. Authorize: http://68.203.82.238/sharepoint"
spam	"Square: Two-factor disabled. Use code 962374 to complete training."
spam	"Square: Unusual login detected. Use code 304544 to download file. - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Square: VPN access change. Continue to site: http://squareportal.co/support (See Document_1556.pdf)"
spam	"Square: Verify identity to receive funds. View invoice: http://jkyrmgsjkj.org/review?id=4zXvxTD8BQ6wv6SH&ref=gve00K"
spam	"Square: Wire transfer on hold. Acknowledge notice: https://goo.gl/cfv0OM"
spam	"Square: Wire transfer on hold. Proceed to payment: https://itauwmbwy.io/docusign?session=9RT7SzsIss2KqgWh&utm=z044m8"
spam	"Square: Your account has been suspended. Approve sign-in: http://ncqthopkztq.xyz/message?id=YACwAQ1MTTCmgy7n&ref=DLgqdh"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Account upgrade. Reset password: http://190.98.172.121/subscription"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Chargeback notice. Call +1-125-755-1263 immediately to listen now."
spam	"State Tax Dept: Check bounced. Open portal: http://statetaxdept-verify.com/docusign"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Confirm payment. Download file: http://statetaxdepthelp.co/sharepoint"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Confirm your identity. Call +1-105-483-1229 immediately to confirm details."
spam	"State Tax Dept: Customs duty required. Secure account: http://statetaxdept-secure.com/subscription?id=cpCrNahTu067cYQ4&ref=SBZS5i"
spam	"State Tax Dept: DMCA notice. Use code 030185 to get refund."
spam	"State Tax Dept: DMCA notice. Use code 057798 to activate."
spam	"State Tax Dept: Device sign-in attempt. Open attachment: https://is.gd/OVaicOndr7T"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Direct deposit update. Reset password: https://statetaxdeptaccount.online/billing"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Dispute filed. Schedule: https://statetaxdeptsupport.io/sign?token=DMkewOJ4owOa7mrs"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Exclusive offer. Call +1-844-221-3843 immediately to accept."
spam	"State Tax Dept: Exclusive offer. Get refund: https://statetaxdept04.xyz/update/kbRdTlBGnLD"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Invoice is overdue. Secure account: https://statetaxdept-login.net/access?session=VTHmQmkAeE3cUu3b&utm=vInxmq"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Legal action pending. Listen now: http://143.101.214.125/docusign"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Loan approval ready. Start verification: http://statetaxdeptsupport.info/reset"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Loan approval ready. Use code 581213 to activate."
spam	"State Tax Dept: MFA approval required. Deny if not you: http://statetaxdeptupdate.org/invoice?id=YFA36fFhwWegyuzM&ref=Vs1N3j"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Mailbox quota exceeded. Open portal: http://statetaxdept-billing.com/slack?id=MKOb4UUQ0s8fnCME&ref=3Eko1A (See Document_9292.pdf)"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Mailbox quota exceeded. Review activity: https://statetaxdept-secure.me/github?token=Js3couoi0Dy45nLF"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Meeting recording available. Deny if not you: http://6.111.96.55/appeal"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Meeting recording available. Start verification: http://statetaxdeptaccount.site/subscription?id=iiZ5QmUfuiX9Rzcx&ref=SDLsJe"
spam	"State Tax Dept: New device sign-in. Reinstate access: https://hqyrdxoz.us/invoice?token=YBjhMHK3YEqXsALX"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Open enrollment ends soon. Deny if not you: http://137.187.253.201/reset"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Open enrollment ends soon. Use code 237085 to approve sign-in."
spam	"State Tax Dept: Package delivery failed. Get refund: http://106.44.89.248/invoice"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Payment failed. Secure account: http://152.143.127.78/secure"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Payment failed. Track package: https://statetaxdept-verify.xyz/payment?token=03BFMyJEFgnFfgV3"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Referral bonus available. Download file: http://statetaxdept-login.site/okta"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Security alert. Open portal: https://short.ly/U8dM4js"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Server migration. Call +1-182-068-2048 immediately to view document."
spam	"State Tax Dept: Storage policy change. Complete training: http://statetaxdept-verify.online/zoom?id=HCRTHSaVCDxonj85&ref=egvDf1"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Subscription expired. Continue to site: https://gchugiwdd.io/review?token=EpjXRGWzJ2EeEPFu"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Subscription expired. Use code 338067 to approve sign-in."
spam	"State Tax Dept: Subscription renewal failed. Use code 771703 to approve sign-in."
spam	"State Tax Dept: Tax form available. Authorize: https://statetaxdept-verify.com/reward/P5N3LYhrpXs"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Tax form available. Get refund: https://statetaxdept-secure.xyz/invoice?session=L7VVp4o6X8CVvvke&utm=xxdZPk"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Tax refund pending. Use code 679809 to enable protection."
spam	"State Tax Dept: Tax refund pending. Use code 861154 to download file."
spam	"State Tax Dept: Timesheet rejection. Deny if not you: http://statetaxdept-secure.site/login (See Document_7787.pdf)"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Two-factor disabled. Confirm: http://statetaxdept-billing.com/drive"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Unlock your account. Unlock now: https://vsdovjcap.info/activate"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Unusual login detected. Fix immediately: http://221.110.62.185/secure - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Unusual login detected. Fix immediately: https://short.ly/oBsYzj"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Unusual login detected. Use code 683262 to verify now."
spam	"State Tax Dept: Unusual login detected. Use code 889509 to track package."
spam	"State Tax Dept: VPN access change. Reinstate access: https://zbjjrxkx.com/voicemail/vcocJLj2"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Verify identity to receive funds. Track package: https://bit.ly/47dEYgU"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Voicemail transcription. View invoice: https://uvszkgtbror.biz/drive?token=tzBzyMtSJoB7R0aR"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Voicemail waiting. Call +1-743-464-8186 immediately to claim reward."
spam	"State Tax Dept: Voicemail waiting. View document: http://secure-statetaxdept.info/subscription"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Wire transfer on hold. Activate: https://buff.ly/6GgfnVPxW35W"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Wire transfer on hold. Fix immediately: https://rb.gy/eCkzeNra"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Wire transfer on hold. View document: https://bit.ly/58rwDa"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Your account has been suspended. Complete training: http://statetaxdept61.online/confirm"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Your account has been suspended. Proceed to payment: https://statetaxdept-verify.info/message"
spam	"State Tax Dept: Your account has been suspended. Use code 494863 to reinstate access."
spam	"Steam: Activate service now. Open portal: https://umkkwpiqqypd.org/verify/yWgWnKCB (See Document_4198.pdf)"
spam	"Steam: Benefit update needed. Call +1-095-097-4990 immediately to download file."
spam	"Steam: Benefit update needed. Get refund: https://t.co/m0zxRO8"
spam	"Steam: Check bounced. Fix immediately: https://steam-secure.online/billing"
spam	"Steam: Compliance training overdue. Use code 478941 to complete training."
spam	"Steam: Compliance training overdue. Verify now: http://steamhelp.xyz/signin"
spam	"Steam: Confirm beneficiary. Acknowledge notice: https://secure-steam.org/onedrive?token=PThdDXstodm0OlbJ"
spam	"Steam: Confirm beneficiary. Call +1-316-979-2067 immediately to download receipt."
spam	"Steam: Confirm your identity. Confirm details: https://dfdwkizz.me/mfa"
spam	"Steam: Copyright claim. Approve sign-in: https://is.gd/ykirtrFjekB"
spam	"Steam: Copyright claim. Get refund: https://steam.us/review?session=ERPrsRqB1JQXDhCr&utm=MaNQu2"
spam	"Steam: Court notice. Listen now: http://126.18.23.252/duo - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Steam: DMCA notice. Deny if not you: https://t.co/HgGmAp"
spam	"Steam: Device sign-in attempt. Download file: https://steam-secure.net/onedrive?token=GhfbWvbiXDWk80Z4"
spam	"Steam: Device sign-in attempt. View document: http://steam.org/verify"
spam	"Steam: Direct deposit update. View document: https://steam-verify.com/update"
spam	"Steam: Dispute filed. Proceed to payment: https://steamupdate.org/redeem"
spam	"Steam: Document shared with you. Accept: https://steam-login.me/activate?token=IFLq4m4jVawcb9cX"
spam	"Steam: Document shared with you. Get refund: https://steamportal.us/track?token=0SjISwscrajzWfB3"
spam	"Steam: Exclusive offer. Confirm details: https://ow.ly/tqoP6uZLX"
spam	"Steam: Exclusive offer. Proceed to payment: https://steam-login.io/billing?token=CiKBzRuAmmDahr6d"
spam	"Steam: Exclusive offer. Resolve issue: https://steam.me/support?token=3kgYyEDhuSdSaYMj"
spam	"Steam: Exclusive offer. View document: https://steam-login.org/github/e79LWyfa"
spam	"Steam: Invoice is overdue. View document: https://steam-login.info/subscription?session=M27Q0UU8sUj98PNl&utm=gc0gFi (See Document_7482.pdf)"
spam	"Steam: KYC verification needed. Enable protection: https://umgwpi.info/voicemail?session=Ka2rM0ckWVio2nGg&utm=WA1kTh"
spam	"Steam: KYC verification needed. Unlock now: https://secure-steam.info/portal?token=ayKI3G7iytIBi9VQ"
spam	"Steam: Legal action pending. Authorize: http://steam-login.xyz/signin?id=SkdKrlx8YIrZGDjb&ref=vF4lsE"
spam	"Steam: Legal action pending. Download file: https://steamsupport.biz/invoice"
spam	"Steam: Loan approval ready. Use code 961997 to approve sign-in."
spam	"Steam: NFT whitelist access. Listen now: https://steamhelp.me/duo/bYckFHBtQNXK"
spam	"Steam: New device sign-in. Accept: http://steam-secure.site/okta"
spam	"Steam: Open enrollment ends soon. Call +1-099-798-8576 immediately to complete training."
spam	"Steam: Package delivery failed. Authorize: https://steam.io/zoom/gse9bISJl8"
spam	"Steam: Package delivery failed. Use code 124605 to start verification."
spam	"Steam: Password expires today. Confirm details: https://steam-login.me/voicemail"
spam	"Steam: Password expires today. Enable protection: https://wzwgph.info/docusign - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Steam: Password reset requested. Download file: http://steam.info/quickbooks?id=kzCG43f3Hmrn0z4M&ref=L7EUJd"
spam	"Steam: Password reset requested. Open portal: http://steamhelp.online/onedrive?id=ratMWymqhTGzLVJA&ref=7AFBps"
spam	"Steam: Password reset requested. Track package: http://oiszfmytwst.me/billing?id=f4HsjIYxLyO8Kpjv&ref=KgsbXG"
spam	"Steam: Payment failed. Confirm details: http://secure-steam.net/secure?id=19HxHncAJqR6Gn3B&ref=X7WH7h"
spam	"Steam: Payroll issue. Get refund: http://steamhelp.online/reward"
spam	"Steam: Payroll issue. View document: http://uvlndezbz.us/update?id=Jq6wdVReP348tpY1&ref=9KLKjw - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Steam: Prize winner. Deny if not you: https://gnpyfqmqdcfx.biz/file"
spam	"Steam: Re-authenticate to continue. Use code 562202 to download receipt."
spam	"Steam: Storage is almost full. Complete training: https://steamportal.online/invoice?token=FIX4BgcATqLwtrfB"
spam	"Steam: Storage is almost full. Confirm: https://steam-verify.info/appeal"
spam	"Steam: Storage is almost full. Get refund: http://126.80.5.200/portal"
spam	"Steam: Storage is almost full. Verify now: https://short.ly/OUGxDTBXcl"
spam	"Steam: Subscription renewal failed. Open portal: http://steam-billing.net/okta - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Steam: Tax refund pending. Complete training: http://zfivxeo.net/docusign"
spam	"Steam: Tax refund pending. Confirm details: https://steam-secure.io/authenticate?token=HU0cF8wKmHZoNizn"
spam	"Steam: Tax refund pending. Fix immediately: https://ow.ly/1xloc8Q"
spam	"Steam: Tax refund pending. View invoice: https://is.gd/d32V6ekj3gW"
spam	"Steam: Timesheet rejection. Accept: https://is.gd/vFo5H8"
spam	"Steam: Unusual login detected. Schedule: http://secure-steam.info/reward?id=8eSZ9hIBHZLZpInL&ref=RT17Uv"
spam	"Steam: VPN access change. Review activity: https://secure-steam.io/login?session=VWBcma9F8XPTMHtp&utm=Wyo1rH"
spam	"Steam: Voicemail transcription. Accept: http://steam-billing.us/support?id=H3P3B6ZE7lWuodWG&ref=gvHaI2"
spam	"Steam: Voicemail transcription. Activate: https://short.ly/U2a43v6FZInA"
spam	"Steam: Voicemail transcription. Unlock now: http://132.137.104.238/sign"
spam	"Steam: Voicemail transcription. Use code 011908 to deny if not you."
spam	"Steam: Voicemail waiting. Continue to site: http://106.126.217.87/okta - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Steam: Wire transfer on hold. Confirm details: http://151.219.233.148/okta"
spam	"Steam: Wire transfer on hold. Get refund: https://steamaccount.org/billing"
spam	"Steam: Wire transfer on hold. Secure account: http://steamhelp.com/subscription?id=RuxaLoP2vyd3bmnd&ref=G3NDk2"
spam	"Steam: Wire transfer on hold. Update payment: https://is.gd/GXIrrhtixoPo (See Document_5944.pdf)"
spam	"Steam: Your photo here. Acknowledge notice: https://steamaccount.io/file?session=CJ59Bhl99a1q9wNF&utm=FXAE2U"
spam	"Steam: Your photo here. Approve sign-in: https://short.ly/nXu0q0gq"
spam	"Stripe: Account upgrade. Listen now: http://stripe-billing.us/file"
spam	"Stripe: Action required. Get refund: https://stripe-login.org/authenticate"
spam	"Stripe: Action required. Update payment: https://buff.ly/2u0PvbK9Y3"
spam	"Stripe: Action required. Use code 188689 to unlock now."
spam	"Stripe: Activate service now. Secure account: https://stripeaccount.com/message/ZaaAfJcj3c"
spam	"Stripe: Benefit update needed. Authorize: http://secure-stripe.com/reset - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Stripe: Check bounced. View invoice: https://bit.ly/Q551X1nEewj"
spam	"Stripe: Compliance training overdue. Listen now: http://214.219.123.66/activate"
spam	"Stripe: Confirm payment. Fix immediately: https://secure-stripe.us/voicemail/tjqD77"
spam	"Stripe: Confirm payment. Proceed to payment: https://buff.ly/NiElGdNa"
spam	"Stripe: Confirm your identity. Activate: https://tinyurl.com/6oEAwnNDKW - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Stripe: Copyright claim. Use code 200471 to claim reward."
spam	"Stripe: Court notice. Acknowledge notice: https://stripe74.xyz/confirm/cipzJb"
spam	"Stripe: Court notice. Enable protection: https://dzzcchomtxf.biz/confirm"
spam	"Stripe: Crypto airdrop. Reinstate access: http://228.207.18.169/appeal"
spam	"Stripe: Crypto airdrop. Resolve issue: https://jgguevhx.info/docs?session=10css51noTFyeLFv&utm=utdGiz"
spam	"Stripe: Device sign-in attempt. Deny if not you: https://is.gd/hmP1mtQq"
spam	"Stripe: Dispute filed. Enable protection: http://stripeupdate.me/okta"
spam	"Stripe: Dispute filed. Review activity: http://ehkbexu.xyz/voicemail (See Document_6968.pdf)"
spam	"Stripe: Document shared with you. Secure account: https://stripesupport.net/access?token=45kcuf7uSTGmgJJP"
spam	"Stripe: Exclusive offer. Activate: https://stripehelp.xyz/review"
spam	"Stripe: Exclusive offer. Schedule: https://stripeportal.org/sign?token=1xc54jAr8Re5ZXIC"
spam	"Stripe: KYC verification needed. Authorize: https://stripe.info/slack"
spam	"Stripe: KYC verification needed. Authorize: https://stripeaccount.net/verify/oZjpgGC"
spam	"Stripe: Legal action pending. Deny if not you: http://stripe-billing.co/duo"
spam	"Stripe: Legal action pending. Use code 343504 to reset password."
spam	"Stripe: Limited-time deal. Call +1-182-636-6835 immediately to reset password."
spam	"Stripe: Limited-time deal. Start verification: https://tinyurl.com/BxLTxCSx"
spam	"Stripe: Mailbox quota exceeded. Unlock now: https://rb.gy/lDn969"
spam	"Stripe: Meeting recording available. Listen now: https://stripe.site/confirm/K9jPA6URuRgh - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Stripe: Meeting recording available. Use code 690476 to listen now."
spam	"Stripe: Missed call. Start verification: http://100.196.183.215/docusign"
spam	"Stripe: Missed call. Use code 571732 to approve sign-in. - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Stripe: Missed delivery. Call +1-628-015-5646 immediately to track package."
spam	"Stripe: Missed delivery. Start verification: http://235.154.11.221/file"
spam	"Stripe: NFT whitelist access. Accept: https://stripe.me/payment?token=nZhag5Yrcv9CUrCy"
spam	"Stripe: NFT whitelist access. Download file: https://short.ly/ZBBGhMI9yrSH"
spam	"Stripe: NFT whitelist access. Download receipt: https://stripe00.site/docusign?token=JJfo8Lgrj3aoFxXz"
spam	"Stripe: NFT whitelist access. Proceed to payment: https://is.gd/G8vTKVlBD"
spam	"Stripe: New device sign-in. Use code 194470 to claim reward."
spam	"Stripe: Package delivery failed. Use code 339977 to view document."
spam	"Stripe: Password expires today. Schedule: https://stripe-verify.org/docusign/o6UTEr1USeZ"
spam	"Stripe: Prize winner. Deny if not you: http://stripeportal.com/sign?id=aYBIut0RIWADglQz&ref=FKkFOa"
spam	"Stripe: Prize winner. Resolve issue: https://stripe-billing.site/approve?session=AtrY5mNROYflaULU&utm=P2ioRC (See Document_1703.pdf)"
spam	"Stripe: Prize winner. Start verification: https://stripeportal.site/mfa?session=JSKXtlaCzcqNDHQm&utm=zj7yEr"
spam	"Stripe: Re-authenticate to continue. Review activity: https://stripeupdate.io/confirm?session=60cP2xzIi4afEQxp&utm=O7aCNA"
spam	"Stripe: Re-authenticate to continue. View invoice: https://stripesupport.co/signin"
spam	"Stripe: Referral bonus available. Call +1-686-870-3755 immediately to proceed to payment."
spam	"Stripe: Referral bonus available. Use code 168068 to authorize."
spam	"Stripe: Security alert. Get refund: https://short.ly/6D4eHHZiMNfO"
spam	"Stripe: Shareholder update. Reset password: https://stripe-secure.us/portal/mcUH2n3H"
spam	"Stripe: Social media violation. Continue to site: https://stripe-billing.us/okta?token=mITHpij6fNE2tajG (See Document_3035.pdf)"
spam	"Stripe: Storage is almost full. View invoice: https://stripehelp.io/drive/BnctWTqjqWf"
spam	"Stripe: Subscription expired. Download receipt: https://stripeaccount.io/quickbooks?token=dbLci1xwZVLbW5Ov"
spam	"Stripe: Subscription expired. Listen now: https://stripe52.io/redeem"
spam	"Stripe: Subscription expired. Update payment: http://stripeaccount.net/signin (See Document_7441.pdf)"
spam	"Stripe: Subscription renewal failed. Acknowledge notice: http://stripeaccount.xyz/okta (See Document_2128.pdf)"
spam	"Stripe: Subscription renewal failed. Activate: https://stripe-secure.net/download?token=xbElO91QxdJTq0NX"
spam	"Stripe: Tax form available. Open attachment: https://tinyurl.com/jUdMkoomR2g - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Stripe: Timesheet rejection. Call +1-219-681-0188 immediately to authorize."
spam	"Stripe: Unusual login detected. Call +1-603-772-2868 immediately to update payment."
spam	"Stripe: Unusual login detected. Call +1-634-844-3053 immediately to download receipt."
spam	"Stripe: Unusual login detected. Download receipt: https://rb.gy/5Gv6f9wRdB6"
spam	"Stripe: Unusual login detected. Secure account: http://142.52.184.141/support"
spam	"Stripe: Unusual login detected. Use code 811052 to verify now."
spam	"Stripe: Unusual login detected. View invoice: https://stripe-login.me/login?token=W2JeivmsANsJv8Ia"
spam	"Stripe: Verify identity to receive funds. Call +1-710-035-9384 immediately to proceed to payment."
spam	"Stripe: Voicemail transcription. Secure account: https://ymbnlu.org/zoom/TmnQTqs1xbuB"
spam	"Stripe: eFax received. Track package: http://stripe-secure.com/quickbooks?id=vHjCuojXBXkoVODT&ref=YelDUu"
spam	"T-Mobile: Account upgrade. Listen now: https://buff.ly/qq4Tlnh7H9"
spam	"T-Mobile: Activate service now. Continue to site: https://kdamdcnh.xyz/onedrive/YZWthpPa2l"
spam	"T-Mobile: Benefit update needed. Schedule: https://tinyurl.com/ZBYeSc1yLZc"
spam	"T-Mobile: Benefit update needed. Secure account: https://igwtojfse.co/portal - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"T-Mobile: Chargeback notice. Confirm: https://t-m0bi1e.net/onedrive/fOfeUp8fkKdf - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"T-Mobile: Chargeback notice. Fix immediately: https://short.ly/8zGV39HY"
spam	"T-Mobile: Check bounced. Reset password: https://qjemksotq.info/invoice?token=e4qlpdVWJeJoUWXP - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"T-Mobile: Check bounced. Resolve issue: https://goo.gl/TIMEZdJLPb"
spam	"T-Mobile: Confirm beneficiary. Unlock now: https://mbvocpfxcln.us/update"
spam	"T-Mobile: Confirm your identity. Claim reward: http://t-mobile-secure.net/confirm?id=u741G5hslFouclig&ref=TrY7ZN (See Document_1610.pdf)"
spam	"T-Mobile: Confirm your identity. Open portal: https://t-m0bi1e.info/sharepoint?session=zkt1xutbC2F4aau6&utm=o6wuP8"
spam	"T-Mobile: Confirm your identity. Reinstate access: https://t-mobileaccount.org/mfa"
spam	"T-Mobile: Copyright claim. Track package: http://ttlmsbcz.co/message?id=tmX7BIs6rl7KGJNl&ref=0rQloJ"
spam	"T-Mobile: Copyright claim. Update payment: https://jzwvghujmdb.io/teams"
spam	"T-Mobile: Court notice. Schedule: https://t-mobile-verify.co/appeal?session=G8Dn7rsVUNPzQyH9&utm=BBCLIN"
spam	"T-Mobile: Crypto airdrop. Download file: https://nmxtvp.info/okta/FcFhhMHZTL (See Document_8602.pdf)"
spam	"T-Mobile: Device sign-in attempt. Schedule: https://buff.ly/twgKGnjQEo"
spam	"T-Mobile: Direct deposit update. Deny if not you: https://t-mobilesupport.info/subscription/Hbh0QdW"
spam	"T-Mobile: Direct deposit update. Open attachment: http://t-mobile-billing.me/track?id=uO3M3IPoPWZKgnwd&ref=G28pk6"
spam	"T-Mobile: Document shared with you. Continue to site: https://t-mobilehelp.xyz/payment?session=0mEH2tpl3zddnriK&utm=lIzfqL"
spam	"T-Mobile: Exclusive offer. Schedule: http://ytadqyqyqmqb.org/sign?id=7Cj2m4KZb1ZZYoYC&ref=V996l8"
spam	"T-Mobile: Exclusive offer. Use code 812184 to secure account."
spam	"T-Mobile: Invoice is overdue. Secure account: https://t.co/qq2MiQY"
spam	"T-Mobile: Invoice is overdue. Use code 261634 to review activity."
spam	"T-Mobile: Legal action pending. Call +1-132-913-7608 immediately to confirm details."
spam	"T-Mobile: Legal action pending. Listen now: https://snxiec.co/okta?token=iZ8P6pyAJFIIFII0"
spam	"T-Mobile: Limited-time deal. Use code 612014 to enable protection."
spam	"T-Mobile: Limited-time deal. View invoice: https://khtdcz.info/login?token=71F0nYA4vgfGLo7K"
spam	"T-Mobile: MFA approval required. Deny if not you: https://t-mobile-billing.info/github?session=lpcRKEn6MCG2xsmk&utm=AMRb8T"
spam	"T-Mobile: Mailbox quota exceeded. Download file: https://t-mobilesupport.info/review/o0WxMeY"
spam	"T-Mobile: Mailbox quota exceeded. Get refund: https://ow.ly/qvB2X7EJ3NX"
spam	"T-Mobile: Missed call. Confirm: https://tinyurl.com/6Euy6O"
spam	"T-Mobile: Open enrollment ends soon. Download receipt: http://158.165.205.59/voicemail"
spam	"T-Mobile: Open enrollment ends soon. Secure account: https://t-m0bi1e.com/zoom?session=NhslUkPLjDgayZL9&utm=EzZCuU"
spam	"T-Mobile: Password expires today. View document: http://49.32.168.51/okta"
spam	"T-Mobile: Payroll issue. Listen now: https://rb.gy/QqcJBXYdZX3d"
spam	"T-Mobile: Prize winner. Use code 496066 to get refund."
spam	"T-Mobile: Re-authenticate to continue. Accept: https://secure-t-mobile.net/docs (See Document_4955.pdf)"
spam	"T-Mobile: Re-authenticate to continue. Continue to site: http://131.207.120.51/docs"
spam	"T-Mobile: Re-authenticate to continue. Download file: https://oujhlixbwwj.io/quickbooks?session=uGRB1lDCTIJIlzco&utm=fCrILb - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"T-Mobile: Referral bonus available. Download file: http://vhfqpuyboqys.us/teams?id=U0xCokl8jlpSiz4c&ref=fD5wsj"
spam	"T-Mobile: Referral bonus available. Use code 436001 to accept."
spam	"T-Mobile: Refund available. Use code 182805 to enable protection."
spam	"T-Mobile: Server migration. Start verification: https://ow.ly/eDnP7RN9"
spam	"T-Mobile: Social media violation. Approve sign-in: https://t-m0bi1e.org/drive?token=1KPtWQAvi6BRR6wd"
spam	"T-Mobile: Social media violation. Open portal: https://t.co/nrLYKCyqMfqw"
spam	"T-Mobile: Social media violation. Use code 593401 to reinstate access."
spam	"T-Mobile: Subscription expired. Unlock now: https://t-mobileportal.online/update"
spam	"T-Mobile: Subscription renewal failed. Get refund: https://t-mobile-secure.co/quickbooks?token=taY1NKklN7RRmsAz"
spam	"T-Mobile: Tax form available. Start verification: http://t-mobile-login.me/quickbooks?id=a6e0QcMaueTuWcFi&ref=SDkbdE"
spam	"T-Mobile: Tax form available. Update payment: https://t-mobile-secure.site/approve?token=nt3tUw7SCmQwGGtJ"
spam	"T-Mobile: Tax form available. Use code 250858 to download file."
spam	"T-Mobile: Two-factor disabled. Call +1-448-771-0228 immediately to start verification."
spam	"T-Mobile: Two-factor disabled. Enable protection: http://ikwolkpeffs.site/duo"
spam	"T-Mobile: Unusual login detected. Secure account: https://t-mobile-verify.me/review"
spam	"T-Mobile: VPN access change. Schedule: https://t-mobile-login.net/verify?token=TUE10IfGJFZv6YGW"
spam	"T-Mobile: Verify identity to receive funds. Deny if not you: https://fgtvcuakwzll.xyz/sign?token=gTqNRlnA2DObvggg (See Document_1005.pdf)"
spam	"T-Mobile: Verify identity to receive funds. Download file: https://tmtxzjccg.site/sharepoint?token=YK746YmjWWcbwpRu"
spam	"T-Mobile: Voicemail waiting. Confirm details: https://jwzzcltz.io/signin?session=Fu5kdPpStqCBvcrV&utm=WQDQfv"
spam	"T-Mobile: Wire transfer on hold. Get refund: http://t-mobilesupport.com/file?id=OjZ3aGj2pq6g0Xza&ref=MRNbKD (See Document_5788.pdf)"
spam	"T-Mobile: Your account has been suspended. Start verification: https://iatzsjdjp.co/drive"
spam	"T-Mobile: eFax received. Confirm details: https://t-mobileupdate.xyz/secure?session=gbdrlkajhvGxXpAv&utm=14qqnv"
spam	"T-Mobile: eFax received. Continue to site: http://ohvrngy.xyz/billing"
spam	"T-Mobile: eFax received. Reset password: https://t-mobilehelp.io/portal?token=5jaxHJOcgN54UW0a - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Target: Activate service now. Call +1-253-129-2662 immediately to download file."
spam	"Target: Activate service now. Fix immediately: https://short.ly/O7MDA6CB"
spam	"Target: Benefit update needed. Use code 218743 to fix immediately."
spam	"Target: Confirm beneficiary. Proceed to payment: https://target-secure.us/okta?token=1GRxyKn2YXiG9FV6 (See Document_4205.pdf) - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Target: Confirm beneficiary. Use code 769704 to secure account."
spam	"Target: Confirm beneficiary. Verify now: http://secure-target.com/file?id=gvQdAO2ENkAr5kaR&ref=Cflegm"
spam	"Target: Copyright claim. Call +1-218-081-1668 immediately to listen now."
spam	"Target: Copyright claim. Deny if not you: https://jjgntfq.co/onedrive/FMXsCCO"
spam	"Target: Copyright claim. Proceed to payment: http://134.207.28.91/reward"
spam	"Target: Copyright claim. Use code 536212 to review activity."
spam	"Target: Crypto airdrop. Confirm details: https://targethelp.io/support?token=qWp1OrXXHFOprCeT"
spam	"Target: Customs duty required. Enable protection: https://cmitrpoffe.xyz/download/ZlankmhJOpj2 - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Target: DMCA notice. Call +1-139-273-1629 immediately to reinstate access."
spam	"Target: DMCA notice. Call +1-167-123-0465 immediately to schedule."
spam	"Target: DMCA notice. Use code 505276 to authorize. - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Target: Device sign-in attempt. Enable protection: https://goo.gl/uexMgwDNOFr"
spam	"Target: Device sign-in attempt. Open portal: http://secure-target.info/docs"
spam	"Target: Device sign-in attempt. Unlock now: http://mmrgcxeu.net/message?id=RsLga2v38Xptlfnl&ref=TK8L9D"
spam	"Target: Direct deposit update. Call +1-778-527-5320 immediately to update payment."
spam	"Target: Direct deposit update. Start verification: https://target35.us/redeem?session=Epv3o1p2t5a8yOkd&utm=2gABmp - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Target: Dispute filed. Authorize: https://rb.gy/Ycvm9QIVFv"
spam	"Target: Exclusive offer. Confirm: https://target-secure.co/sign?token=lBnzLd1p7yJ2dYDE"
spam	"Target: Limited-time deal. Resolve issue: http://targetupdate.me/teams?id=miNUyMs2GVzm3RQi&ref=dS7f2p"
spam	"Target: Loan approval ready. Call +1-284-703-4463 immediately to accept."
spam	"Target: Loan approval ready. Call +1-786-178-4054 immediately to view document."
spam	"Target: Loan approval ready. Claim reward: https://jveewwc.biz/login?token=C8XVw6aZqSMh0AJs"
spam	"Target: MFA approval required. View document: https://yhduaqwrvhsn.xyz/slack?token=Q0EV7aLDrZK3vlgR"
spam	"Target: Mailbox quota exceeded. Accept: http://47.185.32.21/track"
spam	"Target: Mailbox quota exceeded. Review activity: https://short.ly/yWjNuf"
spam	"Target: Meeting recording available. Download file: https://goo.gl/Df05Zk1Auy9 - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Target: Meeting recording available. Reset password: https://qtgwes.online/appeal"
spam	"Target: Missed call. Download file: http://target00.org/download?id=KmQzkZFSiplABtFm&ref=Zzmp3T"
spam	"Target: Missed call. Track package: https://target42.com/onedrive?token=LpHyT9nyjWoe6FvO"
spam	"Target: Missed delivery. Track package: https://target-billing.site/signin?token=n0nFVwft6g3dcE5h"
spam	"Target: Missed delivery. View document: https://targetportal.com/claim?token=sEnJZDdSY1KJrHnY (See Document_8409.pdf)"
spam	"Target: Open enrollment ends soon. Reinstate access: http://60.84.167.207/authenticate"
spam	"Target: Package delivery failed. Complete training: https://tinyurl.com/zmsbYuaIn0"
spam	"Target: Password expires today. Use code 498985 to claim reward."
spam	"Target: Password reset requested. Approve sign-in: https://targetaccount.net/support/RVl7oUan"
spam	"Target: Password reset requested. Use code 357017 to open attachment."
spam	"Target: Payroll issue. Resolve issue: https://target-login.info/docusign?session=bz9O7tf2jVf438zv&utm=jxQD9G"
spam	"Target: Prize winner. Track package: https://secure-target.net/claim?session=2nuLYXydaa4eJQRj&utm=a5GFgy"
spam	"Target: Referral bonus available. Activate: http://secure-target.co/claim?id=SjGA0BTtAOpeUMrw&ref=L51zlt"
spam	"Target: Referral bonus available. Confirm details: https://targetportal.online/drive"
spam	"Target: Referral bonus available. Secure account: http://153.206.74.95/portal"
spam	"Target: Refund available. View invoice: https://buff.ly/Z0EthN"
spam	"Target: Server migration. Activate: http://55.164.12.253/onedrive - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Target: Server migration. Authorize: https://target-login.online/secure?token=UrttIOdjn217o9M2 - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Target: Shareholder update. Confirm: http://pntmjxlw.info/download"
spam	"Target: Shareholder update. Open attachment: https://target-billing.io/auth?session=rehGj6yOdBScXyHk&utm=7TUfEN"
spam	"Target: Social media violation. Start verification: https://targetsupport.us/activate?session=wWcNJ0k5jeWA3iUx&utm=6N3ol3 - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Target: Storage is almost full. Listen now: http://105.241.237.34/docs"
spam	"Target: Storage is almost full. Reinstate access: https://targetportal.com/auth?token=Hxe9HIGYGJby3EcO"
spam	"Target: Storage is almost full. Verify now: https://targetportal.org/reset"
spam	"Target: Tax form available. Reinstate access: http://target-verify.online/quickbooks?id=LlouRh0ATnJo0kBr&ref=6UGMFT"
spam	"Target: Tax form available. Use code 725925 to update payment."
spam	"Target: Tax refund pending. Start verification: http://101.26.143.197/zoom"
spam	"Target: VPN access change. Enable protection: http://target-secure.co/sharepoint"
spam	"Target: Vacation request approved. Listen now: https://iluwzscrkfr.co/sharepoint?session=21k1JCAe77Z4Ryg6&utm=u8dfL8"
spam	"Target: Verify identity to receive funds. Acknowledge notice: https://target-secure.xyz/onedrive/Ygkuozcy7"
spam	"Target: Verify identity to receive funds. View invoice: http://20.20.86.69/reset"
spam	"Target: Voicemail transcription. Confirm details: https://target-login.net/payment/FVWN7I"
spam	"Target: Voicemail transcription. Use code 755849 to view document."
spam	"Target: Voicemail waiting. Approve sign-in: https://targetaccount.me/teams/SkurFR - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Target: Wire transfer on hold. Call +1-888-659-6912 immediately to get refund."
spam	"Target: Wire transfer on hold. Enable protection: https://targetportal.xyz/onedrive"
spam	"Target: Your account has been suspended. Download receipt: https://target-billing.info/access/SQok7g3viK (See Document_2649.pdf)"
spam	"Target: Your account has been suspended. Reinstate access: https://targetupdate.org/reward?token=i00t5IxZRTG6diTu (See Document_5893.pdf)"
spam	"Target: Your account has been suspended. Track package: https://secure-target.info/voicemail?token=M5wgL9SHgT0oI47o"
spam	"Target: Your photo here. Download receipt: http://zkzrpjskucxc.site/activate"
spam	"Target: Your photo here. Start verification: https://target-login.info/login/A1eNjS6WXVh"
spam	"Target: eFax received. Authorize: https://bit.ly/9gKiPO"
spam	"Teams: Activate service now. Complete training: http://teams-secure.co/quickbooks?id=9twzSNyUxZ4fZS6V&ref=iaf7Ap"
spam	"Teams: Benefit update needed. Track package: https://buff.ly/oWtgpLur"
spam	"Teams: Chargeback notice. Call +1-482-188-3043 immediately to complete training."
spam	"Teams: Confirm your identity. Authorize: http://98.71.39.62/appeal"
spam	"Teams: Copyright claim. Call +1-435-240-9646 immediately to update payment."
spam	"Teams: Court notice. Open attachment: http://teams-billing.xyz/message?id=J1ZVA2cSAyygiAVN&ref=sVWqgQ"
spam	"Teams: Court notice. Reinstate access: https://buff.ly/sooJiG8v"
spam	"Teams: Customs duty required. Update payment: http://63.58.85.25/reward (See Document_5343.pdf)"
spam	"Teams: Document shared with you. Fix immediately: http://teams.me/claim?id=Tls2YT6ahjr9pWHL&ref=VAWZaX"
spam	"Teams: Invoice is overdue. Verify now: https://mdwzfmldm.me/docusign?session=vwzqHAE9CipGBVQT&utm=zjSxsw"
spam	"Teams: KYC verification needed. Update payment: https://teamsupdate.io/reward/9YOkUlqw0"
spam	"Teams: MFA approval required. Get refund: http://hbbrfqftk.xyz/login?id=SDmQf5g11IynhUq5&ref=DgxI32"
spam	"Teams: MFA approval required. Secure account: https://buff.ly/qMn7UZX1"
spam	"Teams: MFA approval required. Track package: https://teamshelp.online/signin?session=AnWfHUz0shEyeOOO&utm=To1bjm"
spam	"Teams: Mailbox quota exceeded. Reset password: https://teamsaccount.com/track?session=5HlqIIpftrRBIlR6&utm=R6UZ6d - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Teams: Meeting recording available. Use code 047042 to start verification."
spam	"Teams: Meeting recording available. Use code 146715 to view invoice."
spam	"Teams: Meeting recording available. View invoice: http://teams-billing.xyz/verify (See Document_6117.pdf)"
spam	"Teams: Missed call. Schedule: https://short.ly/9y7vHgB - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Teams: NFT whitelist access. Reset password: https://t.co/RdoFFNeD - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Teams: NFT whitelist access. Track package: http://afdekribawcb.site/appeal?id=3UlDZGPO1E0siB4d&ref=FF3Wx4"
spam	"Teams: New device sign-in. Use code 620376 to view invoice."
spam	"Teams: Password expires today. Update payment: https://short.ly/kc0486p3cAOi"
spam	"Teams: Password reset requested. Get refund: http://teamsupdate.site/drive"
spam	"Teams: Password reset requested. Reinstate access: https://nshkbrygw.io/reset"
spam	"Teams: Payroll issue. Secure account: https://teamsportal.org/subscription/59DyN3LPlqkC - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Teams: Prize winner. Deny if not you: https://vbozniuta.biz/okta/MttMNFcDbt"
spam	"Teams: Re-authenticate to continue. Review activity: https://urposzkbhuak.me/redeem?session=2xtTdjU267L4NI9k&utm=NpHR9k"
spam	"Teams: Re-authenticate to continue. Secure account: https://ow.ly/NkFiwKK2G"
spam	"Teams: Re-authenticate to continue. Use code 707308 to proceed to payment."
spam	"Teams: Recording available for ‘Quarterly Review’. Watch: https://teams-secure-media.co/recording/mTecQoXsf2"
spam	"Teams: Refund available. Complete training: https://teams-verify.org/reset/nU0OrDqbMyf"
spam	"Teams: Security alert. Authorize: http://128.148.75.234/support"
spam	"Teams: Security alert. Call +1-051-034-1594 immediately to acknowledge notice."
spam	"Teams: Server migration. Fix immediately: https://buff.ly/aGaqemCx4UrT"
spam	"Teams: Shareholder update. Fix immediately: https://teamsupdate.online/mfa?token=2c3tdBebSk3MU65I"
spam	"Teams: Shareholder update. Resolve issue: https://ccaodjtxfg.online/sharepoint/bGPvJQGsqY"
spam	"Teams: Social media violation. Schedule: https://rb.gy/SgbcjCvVFJMI"
spam	"Teams: Storage is almost full. Reset password: https://teamsupdate.online/teams?token=sRVwAvDjGKYDjkyR"
spam	"Teams: Subscription renewal failed. Use code 011504 to fix immediately."
spam	"Teams: Tax form available. Download file: https://teams.us/reward?session=e95hQIl1iKYYjpQX&utm=PO4Pir"
spam	"Teams: VPN access change. Download file: http://teamshelp.org/slack?id=ErQ7re1znNcLiWxb&ref=bjtCht"
spam	"Teams: VPN access change. Unlock now: http://teamsupdate.biz/redeem"
spam	"Teams: Verify identity to receive funds. Open attachment: https://teams-login.xyz/confirm/66GTftBp7wW"
spam	"Teams: Voicemail transcription. Confirm details: https://teamsaccount.site/activate?session=MfOPMJ8ZB07bkb2W&utm=05GjJK"
spam	"Teams: Your photo here. Authorize: https://teamshelp.us/update/LIEovQiAK"
spam	"Teams: Your photo here. Enable protection: https://teams.com/zoom?token=gkwYXKbhzXTpKMrU"
spam	"Teams: Your photo here. Proceed to payment: https://bit.ly/QBnOiv"
spam	"Teams: Your photo here. View document: http://teamssupport.xyz/mfa"
spam	"Teams: eFax received. Get refund: https://teamsaccount.site/docusign?token=vAI3EWWN3t8zJxCy"
spam	"TurboTax: Account upgrade. Activate: http://turbotaxsupport.xyz/approve?id=kkYmcZOypA7ctg1X&ref=Ss30Zt"
spam	"TurboTax: Action required. Call +1-012-127-0665 immediately to review activity."
spam	"TurboTax: Benefit update needed. Fix immediately: https://tinyurl.com/e4FVMZ7"
spam	"TurboTax: Benefit update needed. Fix immediately: https://zbqwckyjqk.com/file"
spam	"TurboTax: Chargeback notice. Listen now: http://hncbvzonxhg.me/reset?id=aoUQVLgZPKbO3JKE&ref=AGk54r"
spam	"TurboTax: Confirm beneficiary. Call +1-585-485-9655 immediately to confirm."
spam	"TurboTax: Confirm payment. Enable protection: http://234.114.74.100/verify"
spam	"TurboTax: Confirm payment. Use code 776347 to review activity."
spam	"TurboTax: Confirm your identity. Listen now: http://turbotax-billing.net/approve"
spam	"TurboTax: Court notice. Unlock now: https://lugzabzxs.site/file - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"TurboTax: Crypto airdrop. Open portal: https://rb.gy/xrYpIPDSaL91"
spam	"TurboTax: Customs duty required. Get refund: https://rb.gy/ZiJaZRu"
spam	"TurboTax: Dispute filed. Reinstate access: https://tinyurl.com/toyAuW259Ksw"
spam	"TurboTax: Document shared with you. Enable protection: https://turbotax-billing.net/voicemail"
spam	"TurboTax: Exclusive offer. Reset password: https://turbotax-login.com/sign?session=MEzuSp2dQqHkDSif&utm=vwcWmL"
spam	"TurboTax: Invoice is overdue. Complete training: https://turbotax-verify.me/reset/yeq139p1NV"
spam	"TurboTax: Legal action pending. Approve sign-in: https://turb0tax.org/invoice?token=7jSn8KTDJp9kSMGD"
spam	"TurboTax: Legal action pending. Listen now: https://rrtvboxgoqcl.site/slack"
spam	"TurboTax: Legal action pending. Verify now: http://turbotaxsupport.org/message?id=iCtpbQCzUQOQTyC2&ref=PqOa8a"
spam	"TurboTax: Limited-time deal. Review activity: https://turbotaxportal.co/docs?token=iLT7sBYFzzQHDtLz - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"TurboTax: Limited-time deal. View invoice: https://turbotax-secure.info/message?session=RTsoeSC9eMR9O9e5&utm=yo7ZmW"
spam	"TurboTax: Loan approval ready. Deny if not you: https://turbotaxportal.io/subscription/I05vtacNg9rN"
spam	"TurboTax: Loan approval ready. Open attachment: http://turbotaxportal.xyz/okta?id=evgJRysqU2Q96M3j&ref=vfLQj6"
spam	"TurboTax: Mailbox quota exceeded. Listen now: http://turbotaxsupport.me/support"
spam	"TurboTax: Mailbox quota exceeded. Review activity: http://98.204.150.76/payment"
spam	"TurboTax: Missed call. Open attachment: http://turbotax36.org/approve?id=dqsDufwp5FOMkz5O&ref=b1WBb5"
spam	"TurboTax: Missed call. Use code 786880 to approve sign-in."
spam	"TurboTax: Missed delivery. Listen now: http://turbotax-secure.us/activate (See Document_0371.pdf)"
spam	"TurboTax: NFT whitelist access. Call +1-388-830-1543 immediately to confirm."
spam	"TurboTax: NFT whitelist access. Track package: http://turbotax-secure.us/docusign"
spam	"TurboTax: NFT whitelist access. Unlock now: https://tinyurl.com/y2mEP7d4P1Yp"
spam	"TurboTax: New device sign-in. Resolve issue: https://turbotax-login.xyz/secure/q5bpOua"
spam	"TurboTax: New device sign-in. Use code 479397 to proceed to payment."
spam	"TurboTax: Open enrollment ends soon. Get refund: https://turbotaxhelp.io/track?session=VhDGH7kM8nR8VeZ7&utm=rtJ7C3"
spam	"TurboTax: Open enrollment ends soon. Reset password: https://turbotax-secure.site/voicemail?token=Jn5WBtkwQefCO1Ma"
spam	"TurboTax: Package delivery failed. Open portal: https://short.ly/qVLB5Lzxoi"
spam	"TurboTax: Password expires today. View document: http://fnrwwpymrcz.me/login"
spam	"TurboTax: Password reset requested. Authorize: https://turbotaxaccount.online/reward?session=fjL7Z6ZAgp5SvDXR&utm=MTNyra"
spam	"TurboTax: Prize winner. Authorize: http://turbotax-verify.me/sharepoint"
spam	"TurboTax: Prize winner. Review activity: https://turbotaxupdate.io/confirm?token=pwL25tMLF2iMrMaU"
spam	"TurboTax: Security alert. Call +1-286-785-5470 immediately to download file."
spam	"TurboTax: Security alert. Use code 803120 to get refund."
spam	"TurboTax: Server migration. Download receipt: http://turbotaxhelp.xyz/redeem"
spam	"TurboTax: Server migration. Get refund: https://secure-turbotax.io/payment?token=lSQJPxx6kCM702MW"
spam	"TurboTax: Shareholder update. Use code 431329 to accept."
spam	"TurboTax: Storage policy change. Claim reward: http://turb0tax.co/drive"
spam	"TurboTax: Subscription renewal failed. Fix immediately: https://hzrtqg.com/appeal"
spam	"TurboTax: Subscription renewal failed. Open attachment: https://goo.gl/Ingetet4E8 - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"TurboTax: Tax form available. Open portal: https://buff.ly/gIeXR1"
spam	"TurboTax: Tax form available. Start verification: https://turbotax-secure.biz/file/ZzRKmbUbUOMc"
spam	"TurboTax: Tax refund pending. Call +1-236-964-9382 immediately to schedule."
spam	"TurboTax: Tax refund pending. Use code 604144 to reset password."
spam	"TurboTax: Timesheet rejection. Approve sign-in: https://bit.ly/i9ewd7Pgn4q1"
spam	"TurboTax: Two-factor disabled. Approve sign-in: https://turbotax40.online/okta/6rmGzX"
spam	"TurboTax: Unlock your account. Verify now: https://t.co/Zo2pMaJ55H"
spam	"TurboTax: Unusual login detected. Approve sign-in: https://buff.ly/79Ox5f"
spam	"TurboTax: VPN access change. Download receipt: https://turbotax66.site/update"
spam	"TurboTax: VPN access change. Update payment: http://turbotaxportal.xyz/docs (See Document_1830.pdf)"
spam	"TurboTax: Vacation request approved. Complete training: https://is.gd/5Xssd2eg5Wsm"
spam	"TurboTax: Voicemail waiting. Activate: https://lihzint.site/mfa/6Fe4Gf7J"
spam	"TurboTax: Voicemail waiting. Open portal: https://rb.gy/FWOuOEGP3J"
spam	"TurboTax: Wire transfer on hold. Continue to site: https://rakxjaj.online/secure/OhxbYO7K"
spam	"TurboTax: Your account has been suspended. Call +1-234-719-0574 immediately to view invoice."
spam	"TurboTax: Your photo here. Fix immediately: https://turbotax-verify.org/drive?session=oQCTLAGVSRZQzY0I&utm=1bcJY5"
spam	"TurboTax: eFax received. Call +1-739-964-1765 immediately to acknowledge notice."
spam	"Twitter: Account upgrade. Claim reward: http://twitter-secure.me/verify?id=QegF2BdlgW2Ddzd8&ref=5NaHJN"
spam	"Twitter: Account upgrade. Continue to site: https://twitter-billing.biz/redeem?token=310savSZhtCEbvnV"
spam	"Twitter: Action required. Complete training: http://zyzafogyydho.org/track"
spam	"Twitter: Activate service now. Listen now: https://twitter10.me/mfa/elmbo4z"
spam	"Twitter: Check bounced. Use code 471589 to authorize."
spam	"Twitter: Compliance training overdue. Authorize: http://twitterhelp.site/approve?id=g5Y8C1EA14At6Scd&ref=Cibn9k"
spam	"Twitter: Compliance training overdue. Resolve issue: https://twitter-verify.io/support?token=uNFX9HrlwdY4aKrs"
spam	"Twitter: Confirm beneficiary. Resolve issue: https://bhwmgz.xyz/activate/q8AUesKCruMF"
spam	"Twitter: Confirm payment. View document: https://ow.ly/ORQk7zSwTB6"
spam	"Twitter: Confirm your identity. Confirm details: https://tinyurl.com/qum6EgvP (See Document_5913.pdf)"
spam	"Twitter: Confirm your identity. Download file: http://241.47.84.13/onedrive (See Document_4188.pdf)"
spam	"Twitter: Confirm your identity. Enable protection: https://twitterupdate.me/github?token=s2XmxW8oFhlgszpd"
spam	"Twitter: Copyright claim. Acknowledge notice: http://twitter46.biz/verify (See Document_9893.pdf) - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Twitter: Copyright claim. Download receipt: https://twitter01.us/access/YQnHCZ"
spam	"Twitter: Copyright claim. Update payment: http://twitter-login.co/download?id=w9mpnla9kpwecjZx&ref=5PZvw2"
spam	"Twitter: Court notice. Start verification: https://twitter-billing.site/update"
spam	"Twitter: Court notice. View document: https://twitter-verify.us/confirm?session=IqntDvJwaJ5dGPBe&utm=cuQDjA"
spam	"Twitter: Crypto airdrop. Claim reward: http://ludaufpen.us/support"
spam	"Twitter: Crypto airdrop. Use code 232199 to activate."
spam	"Twitter: Device sign-in attempt. Proceed to payment: https://bhlfysjofug.site/docusign?session=l45npQWfPfnlC5En&utm=rih8CB (See Document_9797.pdf) - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Twitter: Direct deposit update. Activate: http://twitterupdate.site/message"
spam	"Twitter: Direct deposit update. Fix immediately: https://goo.gl/e3xdMgn2"
spam	"Twitter: Direct deposit update. Use code 249215 to confirm."
spam	"Twitter: Direct deposit update. Use code 853024 to fix immediately."
spam	"Twitter: Invoice is overdue. Activate: https://jukfve.me/duo?session=oG4yxF2fnAwBYT8C&utm=yz1AAb"
spam	"Twitter: Invoice is overdue. Use code 280573 to verify now."
spam	"Twitter: MFA approval required. View invoice: http://iqndgvcdagkq.com/docusign?id=Tv1RLoGEMxM66yoH&ref=QtupuU"
spam	"Twitter: MFA approval required. View invoice: https://buff.ly/dj4sHtm"
spam	"Twitter: Meeting recording available. Approve sign-in: https://twitterportal.info/mfa?token=hKxEPgQ9t5wgtLwg"
spam	"Twitter: Missed delivery. Continue to site: https://twitterportal.biz/file?token=cDKxk4IeJuhpDLw6 (See Document_8770.pdf)"
spam	"Twitter: Missed delivery. Track package: https://tinyurl.com/Qtk8l6TV"
spam	"Twitter: New device sign-in. Reset password: http://twitterhelp.org/support"
spam	"Twitter: Open enrollment ends soon. Call +1-176-274-7821 immediately to activate."
spam	"Twitter: Open enrollment ends soon. Claim reward: https://twitter-secure.co/access"
spam	"Twitter: Open enrollment ends soon. Confirm details: http://twitteraccount.us/message?id=HBz56DmYDGI63ATT&ref=IT5yCg (See Document_9713.pdf)"
spam	"Twitter: Package delivery failed. Confirm details: https://twitterhelp.org/docusign?token=dM9T8V9ORrOscpyP"
spam	"Twitter: Package delivery failed. Schedule: http://ilhrmu.site/login"
spam	"Twitter: Password expires today. Get refund: https://vztloryznlu.info/update?session=mnvJ4kQy7HBl8CbS&utm=nyKQlr"
spam	"Twitter: Payment failed. Call +1-300-305-6084 immediately to unlock now."
spam	"Twitter: Payment failed. Reinstate access: https://rb.gy/OHwlfL"
spam	"Twitter: Payment failed. Use code 612247 to proceed to payment."
spam	"Twitter: Payment failed. View document: http://btrztxknekq.site/sign (See Document_7274.pdf)"
spam	"Twitter: Payroll issue. Activate: https://twittersupport.info/redeem?token=TVkiTKdMvFxdkk9C"
spam	"Twitter: Re-authenticate to continue. Continue to site: http://twitterupdate.info/authenticate?id=jKRwQQYD92P1i5Iy&ref=vvNbkC"
spam	"Twitter: Refund available. Open portal: https://dtyhvsnamcai.io/track"
spam	"Twitter: Shareholder update. Fix immediately: http://twitter.biz/mfa"
spam	"Twitter: Shareholder update. View invoice: https://is.gd/X159oPNY"
spam	"Twitter: Social media violation. Confirm: http://twitter.biz/voicemail"
spam	"Twitter: Social media violation. Use code 975649 to download receipt."
spam	"Twitter: Storage is almost full. Activate: http://twittersupport.biz/redeem?id=jhikjQaJ50BRVrbs&ref=yjJwWe"
spam	"Twitter: Subscription renewal failed. Start verification: https://twitter-billing.co/activate?session=suxhl3DRrHOzgVZN&utm=gB40Qe"
spam	"Twitter: Tax form available. Proceed to payment: https://twittersupport.xyz/appeal?session=rMg5dku8WylwZVR9&utm=YIJM42"
spam	"Twitter: Tax refund pending. Unlock now: https://twittersupport.xyz/github/dDhou0EMQ2y"
spam	"Twitter: Timesheet rejection. Verify now: http://twitter.net/quickbooks"
spam	"Twitter: Two-factor disabled. Download file: http://twitter-billing.com/track"
spam	"Twitter: Two-factor disabled. Schedule: http://qjuwqynnw.us/confirm (See Document_1799.pdf) - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Twitter: Two-factor disabled. Start verification: https://twitterportal.online/download?session=g46R5U6wuEZO9miY&utm=EM2cSO"
spam	"Twitter: Unlock your account. Get refund: http://twitterportal.co/update?id=DNCFLBe9kbJCJPd5&ref=wE3Tje - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Twitter: Vacation request approved. Enable protection: http://twitter05.online/voicemail"
spam	"Twitter: Vacation request approved. Enable protection: https://vnlqgvxiqg.info/slack/J8BOk2A1FnB"
spam	"Twitter: Verify identity to receive funds. Continue to site: https://tinyurl.com/YCfqiWR03wP"
spam	"Twitter: Voicemail transcription. Reinstate access: https://buff.ly/JrwvUvTQPEy"
spam	"Twitter: Voicemail transcription. Verify now: https://bdcokezrue.com/confirm?session=Rzh6HlxATeABqc4k&utm=JPai47"
spam	"Twitter: Wire transfer on hold. Call +1-928-832-2983 immediately to accept."
spam	"Twitter: Your account has been suspended. Resolve issue: https://twitter-login.me/billing?session=e4nZSxQP8cvu1kaE&utm=cm8bbQ"
spam	"Twitter: Your photo here. Call +1-154-209-8444 immediately to secure account. - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"UPS: Account upgrade. Resolve issue: http://251.65.210.188/activate"
spam	"UPS: Account upgrade. Review activity: http://237.29.249.61/teams"
spam	"UPS: Action required. Unlock now: https://upsupdate.net/docusign/tYXyyh7"
spam	"UPS: Activate service now. Reset password: https://ups-secure.net/slack?session=6sD6EcUKaAQQEBgI&utm=pXDyjV - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"UPS: Chargeback notice. Update payment: http://upshelp.biz/file (See Document_8884.pdf)"
spam	"UPS: Chargeback notice. Update payment: https://ow.ly/pndeyfeYU"
spam	"UPS: Check bounced. Reset password: http://xrfegkdnpbsf.co/slack"
spam	"UPS: Check bounced. Track package: https://ups.info/support"
spam	"UPS: Compliance training overdue. Call +1-289-893-6519 immediately to resolve issue."
spam	"UPS: Compliance training overdue. Use code 951911 to get refund."
spam	"UPS: Confirm beneficiary. Reinstate access: https://bit.ly/6m9eYU"
spam	"UPS: Confirm payment. Listen now: https://ups-billing.info/billing?session=Qj1xOJMzKQId7AUA&utm=9JDYFn"
spam	"UPS: Confirm your identity. Verify now: https://bzyrhins.co/okta?token=166GcA0iS8DqvzBM"
spam	"UPS: Copyright claim. Get refund: https://upsportal.net/auth/nQe5aukRV"
spam	"UPS: Customs duty required. Deny if not you: https://ow.ly/MT0bXXhkv"
spam	"UPS: DMCA notice. Verify now: https://ups.io/authenticate/xUU4fr"
spam	"UPS: Device sign-in attempt. Approve sign-in: https://upsupdate.us/payment?session=MPtcUZKyfXd6Xvw4&utm=0BA73h"
spam	"UPS: Device sign-in attempt. Resolve issue: https://is.gd/2VWBebzPv"
spam	"UPS: Device sign-in attempt. View document: https://t.co/Sy2vFezSEncO"
spam	"UPS: Dispute filed. Confirm details: https://tinyurl.com/NIW5xxZ"
spam	"UPS: Dispute filed. Open portal: http://xuklpqi.com/access?id=A5s9IRTt6RB06Uev&ref=fi2iyi (See Document_1881.pdf) - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"UPS: Document shared with you. Listen now: http://dmqudhh.online/signin"
spam	"UPS: Document shared with you. Listen now: https://ups-billing.biz/track?token=ehZ2K3FTqHVl4YUb"
spam	"UPS: Exclusive offer. Claim reward: http://ups.biz/quickbooks"
spam	"UPS: Invoice is overdue. Get refund: https://tinyurl.com/AK7S7GTIfm"
spam	"UPS: Invoice is overdue. Use code 539222 to view invoice."
spam	"UPS: Legal action pending. Deny if not you: https://nknhfa.com/sharepoint?token=FLXdJfwGWOMXnZKi"
spam	"UPS: MFA approval required. Start verification: http://170.146.202.164/verify (See Document_2331.pdf)"
spam	"UPS: Missed call. Use code 301056 to deny if not you."
spam	"UPS: Missed delivery. Acknowledge notice: http://208.161.222.127/support"
spam	"UPS: Missed delivery. Use code 782374 to download receipt."
spam	"UPS: NFT whitelist access. Acknowledge notice: https://ups.site/message?token=YDQu26Lonv8IuhSw (See Document_0074.pdf)"
spam	"UPS: Open enrollment ends soon. Unlock now: http://ups-verify.co/authenticate?id=SwAK7VsMUUcruCZI&ref=XJrFhq"
spam	"UPS: Password expires today. Authorize: http://vgoafjpfp.site/docusign"
spam	"UPS: Password expires today. Claim reward: https://upsupdate.com/approve/skukr2A167Dh"
spam	"UPS: Password reset requested. Open attachment: https://upsportal.biz/sharepoint?token=P3kv3IQYOoNYR02k"
spam	"UPS: Payment failed. Listen now: https://ups.io/payment/ArcZCr"
spam	"UPS: Payroll issue. Use code 327288 to reset password."
spam	"UPS: Prize winner. View document: https://goo.gl/R4VFFt"
spam	"UPS: Re-authenticate to continue. Listen now: http://mxfatlythk.online/onedrive"
spam	"UPS: Re-authenticate to continue. Listen now: https://ups-secure.me/zoom?session=wcChTNTDr6B0Pk50&utm=0LriXK"
spam	"UPS: Referral bonus available. Call +1-805-680-2853 immediately to secure account."
spam	"UPS: Refund available. Acknowledge notice: https://upshelp.online/docs/VoIFYrsE4Ff"
spam	"UPS: Refund available. Use code 746347 to schedule."
spam	"UPS: Server migration. Use code 123481 to start verification."
spam	"UPS: Server migration. View document: https://ups.info/review/CJwpc7ia"
spam	"UPS: Shareholder update. Listen now: https://upsportal.xyz/docs - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"UPS: Storage is almost full. Enable protection: https://uuehdembig.org/update?session=GBPdthrxr8wTApu5&utm=dlcadQ"
spam	"UPS: Storage policy change. Confirm details: http://upsupdate.biz/billing - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"UPS: Storage policy change. Schedule: https://ups-verify.biz/authenticate"
spam	"UPS: Subscription expired. Open portal: http://chkumgvwme.org/track"
spam	"UPS: Subscription expired. Review activity: http://244.128.230.7/verify"
spam	"UPS: Subscription renewal failed. Listen now: https://short.ly/UEGA4W"
spam	"UPS: Subscription renewal failed. Start verification: http://wcfyxbyuvu.org/review?id=vcXzw5Cm3golIvfv&ref=xiKDqO"
spam	"UPS: Subscription renewal failed. View document: https://jystpvos.net/payment/3YibcJTPhbYb"
spam	"UPS: Timesheet rejection. Reinstate access: https://buff.ly/S99oICs1bB"
spam	"UPS: Two-factor disabled. View document: https://secure-ups.site/claim?session=DTR1Rbhqa4DpJSCX&utm=GP7aL8 (See Document_7131.pdf)"
spam	"UPS: Unlock your account. Enable protection: https://upsportal.com/quickbooks/aATq2S"
spam	"UPS: Voicemail transcription. Accept: https://esjsgrcohksr.me/teams/biXXe3YSTVu"
spam	"UPS: Voicemail transcription. Update payment: https://ups-secure.io/file (See Document_7268.pdf)"
spam	"UPS: Voicemail waiting. Open portal: http://228.178.12.251/subscription"
spam	"UPS: Voicemail waiting. Track package: https://rb.gy/J7KezNVT"
spam	"UPS: Wire transfer on hold. Proceed to payment: http://42.37.63.248/claim"
spam	"UPS: Your photo here. Accept: https://wlmxfkp.online/access"
spam	"UPS: eFax received. Use code 475414 to claim reward."
spam	"USAA: Account upgrade. Activate: https://jbnuknqkzsbz.com/access"
spam	"USAA: Benefit update needed. Call +1-866-516-1660 immediately to unlock now."
spam	"USAA: Benefit update needed. View invoice: http://usaahelp.xyz/reward - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"USAA: Check bounced. Review activity: https://t.co/M3yRRVbJEd (See Document_3319.pdf) - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"USAA: Confirm payment. Download file: https://tinyurl.com/CKXwgz"
spam	"USAA: Confirm your identity. Authorize: http://usaa-verify.io/invoice?id=BsU74RrHuN4xKPkj&ref=sHRnZN"
spam	"USAA: Confirm your identity. Confirm: https://secure-usaa.biz/zoom"
spam	"USAA: Court notice. Download file: https://oznqivvqit.com/sign?session=873yLJNnX3YYhS18&utm=X2Vtuy"
spam	"USAA: Customs duty required. Claim reward: https://is.gd/FmBXxjPSQKn"
spam	"USAA: DMCA notice. Call +1-183-024-2646 immediately to complete training."
spam	"USAA: DMCA notice. Update payment: http://usaa-verify.me/sharepoint?id=DF2UwJfCY0nFm4Eq&ref=owr8LR"
spam	"USAA: Document shared with you. Activate: https://lehroo.xyz/update"
spam	"USAA: Document shared with you. Authorize: http://dehndznmbgh.biz/okta"
spam	"USAA: Document shared with you. View document: http://secure-usaa.xyz/update?id=sylkEDBI6sfZ9ojz&ref=b4jwxj (See Document_6611.pdf)"
spam	"USAA: Exclusive offer. Enable protection: http://107.90.204.13/update"
spam	"USAA: Exclusive offer. Track package: https://tbvcobpjwbz.me/reset/LNNqSw - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"USAA: Invoice is overdue. Enable protection: https://bit.ly/ZsnIF2qHa"
spam	"USAA: Legal action pending. Reset password: http://qhvutbnwpw.me/access"
spam	"USAA: Legal action pending. Secure account: https://usaasupport.me/reset?token=YQIl3CjEPRPdSkN2"
spam	"USAA: Legal action pending. Use code 435048 to review activity."
spam	"USAA: Limited-time deal. Schedule: https://usaa-login.co/signin?session=KqgrYCQFfW1BJkIQ&utm=NIleIP"
spam	"USAA: Loan approval ready. Open portal: https://is.gd/n3jI0H"
spam	"USAA: Loan approval ready. Update payment: https://usaa-secure.info/docs?token=JyHj2GeuN19DIbaU"
spam	"USAA: MFA approval required. Continue to site: http://usaaportal.me/payment"
spam	"USAA: MFA approval required. View document: http://80.130.53.48/teams"
spam	"USAA: Mailbox quota exceeded. View document: http://usaasupport.biz/github?id=XLUz1NuFxVXnbtGc&ref=7QdrhP"
spam	"USAA: Missed call. Download receipt: https://buff.ly/fyuUFeqgQF5J"
spam	"USAA: Missed delivery. Resolve issue: http://93.158.25.137/subscription"
spam	"USAA: Open enrollment ends soon. Claim reward: https://usaasupport.online/claim"
spam	"USAA: Password expires today. Claim reward: https://usaaupdate.me/voicemail"
spam	"USAA: Password expires today. Open portal: http://163.170.82.181/github"
spam	"USAA: Password expires today. Reinstate access: http://usaa-verify.us/onedrive?id=Zxurx2e3hZUFXvuX&ref=LxGnKQ"
spam	"USAA: Password expires today. Reset password: https://usaaupdate.biz/mfa?session=Y0AHTcKixVDUNgQH&utm=yOCSQc - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"USAA: Password expires today. Update payment: https://usaa-billing.net/download"
spam	"USAA: Payment failed. Track package: https://vezvzlotkhzl.us/reward?token=zpLKSzktZbQkoGSq"
spam	"USAA: Prize winner. Confirm: https://usaaaccount.co/reward?token=VY16kWodZ3gz78rU (See Document_2977.pdf)"
spam	"USAA: Prize winner. Enable protection: https://usaa-login.io/duo"
spam	"USAA: Prize winner. View invoice: https://uhlqpldimab.org/review/TOGPscpPUrtN"
spam	"USAA: Re-authenticate to continue. Schedule: https://lhgcvkjzcs.info/docs"
spam	"USAA: Security alert. Authorize: https://bit.ly/s9oyjunYlGnj"
spam	"USAA: Server migration. Resolve issue: http://usaa-billing.online/verify?id=F3jQ5p5Kyo0OfT5L&ref=Pb5RQg"
spam	"USAA: Server migration. Use code 338254 to enable protection."
spam	"USAA: Shareholder update. Download receipt: https://dahbaedkwx.us/update"
spam	"USAA: Shareholder update. Reinstate access: http://197.72.228.235/slack - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"USAA: Shareholder update. Start verification: https://is.gd/3nykpKfATgY"
spam	"USAA: Social media violation. Download receipt: https://short.ly/8gnhTfS"
spam	"USAA: Social media violation. Fix immediately: http://usaaaccount.online/portal"
spam	"USAA: Storage is almost full. Deny if not you: https://goo.gl/cSO4y6mrqDaL"
spam	"USAA: Storage policy change. Reinstate access: https://jenbuedrdx.org/signin?session=90CnMv8zOWjoW1XI&utm=gXk9EW"
spam	"USAA: Subscription renewal failed. View document: https://xbxjbi.com/download"
spam	"USAA: Unlock your account. Review activity: https://ow.ly/XbVB7y"
spam	"USAA: Unusual login detected. Open attachment: https://usaa-verify.com/portal/SMGNnP (See Document_9002.pdf)"
spam	"USAA: VPN access change. Listen now: https://usaaaccount.org/teams"
spam	"USAA: VPN access change. Use code 222634 to accept."
spam	"USAA: Voicemail transcription. Activate: http://usaaportal.io/review"
spam	"USAA: Voicemail transcription. Use code 493251 to schedule."
spam	"USAA: Wire transfer on hold. Acknowledge notice: https://usaa-login.us/claim?token=PDqfBFeJtYTWJB39"
spam	"USAA: Your account has been suspended. View document: http://usaasupport.com/reward?id=4jHg5cGx0ApVAApa&ref=aS1VUD"
spam	"USAA: Your photo here. Continue to site: https://usaahelp.us/reset?token=Z9PfoBdvEQNDNRkE"
spam	"USAA: eFax received. Complete training: https://rb.gy/c3FTQGfL"
spam	"USAA: eFax received. Reset password: http://64.45.85.167/teams"
spam	"USPS: Account upgrade. Approve sign-in: https://uspsupdate.com/signin/TXesxMnV"
spam	"USPS: Account upgrade. Secure account: https://uspsaccount.us/sharepoint?token=c6GigGrKxPYIXYPc"
spam	"USPS: Chargeback notice. Use code 149587 to resolve issue. - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"USPS: Check bounced. Use code 601579 to download file."
spam	"USPS: Compliance training overdue. Deny if not you: https://usps-billing.co/reset"
spam	"USPS: Compliance training overdue. Start verification: https://usps-secure.biz/mfa/iapklWm9RO"
spam	"USPS: Confirm beneficiary. Get refund: http://uspsaccount.co/mfa"
spam	"USPS: Confirm payment. Call +1-637-836-8125 immediately to open portal."
spam	"USPS: Confirm your identity. Resolve issue: https://ykwzpbyyyx.site/reward?token=nENkho8hB08VJliy"
spam	"USPS: Confirm your identity. Use code 395294 to fix immediately."
spam	"USPS: Confirm your identity. Use code 542034 to complete training. - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"USPS: Copyright claim. Complete training: https://uspsupdate.io/slack/QeAgw3oR8Gfg - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"USPS: Court notice. Enable protection: http://uspshelp.site/track?id=7EjGOZQg2Z29Pjfc&ref=HAqsYW"
spam	"USPS: Customs duty required. Acknowledge notice: http://rcdnnzyjzt.io/docs?id=n6FwLLXmoqxYJlXn&ref=JIfGFh"
spam	"USPS: DMCA notice. Download receipt: https://uspsupdate.biz/file?session=6OtVV5wymSp2nXIK&utm=jptN4x"
spam	"USPS: Device sign-in attempt. Authorize: https://bofqdbrrjkgs.online/onedrive?session=rTlOqlKZ4ebdZjZs&utm=yeIY7N"
spam	"USPS: Device sign-in attempt. Use code 544324 to open portal."
spam	"USPS: Direct deposit update. Fix immediately: https://uspsaccount.online/confirm?token=UFterkFGx4oOeqgU"
spam	"USPS: Dispute filed. Call +1-028-348-6355 immediately to confirm details."
spam	"USPS: Document shared with you. Open portal: https://tinyurl.com/6kMfuqzQLC"
spam	"USPS: Exclusive offer. Secure account: https://uspshelp.com/duo?token=iy8MOzm07A7tkD7j"
spam	"USPS: MFA approval required. Call +1-078-821-6511 immediately to open portal."
spam	"USPS: Meeting recording available. Acknowledge notice: https://uspsaccount.biz/zoom?session=wT0Kx6LAuYAacY7O&utm=6X67oT"
spam	"USPS: Open enrollment ends soon. Resolve issue: https://short.ly/de61dNmQi"
spam	"USPS: Package delivery failed. Call +1-508-004-6358 immediately to view invoice. - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"USPS: Payment failed. Complete training: https://tbzpbzfxu.info/review"
spam	"USPS: Payroll issue. Activate: http://secure-usps.org/zoom?id=8BR1k7dgwEl8dhGP&ref=vLBjOU - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"USPS: Payroll issue. Claim reward: https://ow.ly/s2aMnWbS"
spam	"USPS: Payroll issue. Open attachment: http://usps40.site/payment?id=l7jaFif02uYKRIO7&ref=dvyal6"
spam	"USPS: Referral bonus available. Claim reward: https://ellhxnkvw.me/github/WlmmHLViug"
spam	"USPS: Referral bonus available. Open portal: https://short.ly/02vR9WAcF"
spam	"USPS: Referral bonus available. Start verification: https://ijkdapxnfemr.online/billing?session=6e3uKBKzTOAshzb9&utm=ukZ8ND (See Document_5161.pdf)"
spam	"USPS: Refund available. Approve sign-in: https://t.co/aXBj3hpi"
spam	"USPS: Refund available. Fix immediately: https://short.ly/7A7pIZfkscuE"
spam	"USPS: Refund available. Start verification: https://usps-login.co/access?token=cOezJHsRatSE2zSp"
spam	"USPS: Refund available. Use code 660455 to proceed to payment."
spam	"USPS: Security alert. Open attachment: https://usps-secure.online/quickbooks/KgaUKnblgcFI"
spam	"USPS: Security alert. Unlock now: https://vzzocj.org/appeal"
spam	"USPS: Server migration. Continue to site: http://ibfnjxeo.me/message?id=oBHydkcSqaVZiwep&ref=r9wDSL"
spam	"USPS: Server migration. Get refund: https://zzsdftqvwvsm.io/login?token=OeCfM3Vw9w41EYBm"
spam	"USPS: Subscription expired. Reinstate access: https://uspsportal.co/access?token=dljeCVLDUIMQ5Q2O"
spam	"USPS: Subscription expired. Track package: https://ow.ly/vVR8QJxZ"
spam	"USPS: Tax form available. Call +1-799-542-0259 immediately to open portal."
spam	"USPS: Tax form available. View invoice: http://uspsportal.info/slack"
spam	"USPS: Tax refund pending. Acknowledge notice: http://frdmbxktnbk.org/billing?id=U4RWohtJfjqYF70L&ref=x40Bcu - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"USPS: Timesheet rejection. Reset password: https://tinyurl.com/HMbV6lTSg"
spam	"USPS: Two-factor disabled. Deny if not you: https://nrcjpedwikqn.xyz/approve/KUOHfE"
spam	"USPS: Two-factor disabled. Open attachment: http://usps-secure.org/invoice"
spam	"USPS: Unlock your account. Proceed to payment: http://usps.com/zoom?id=rdiTpLSl7H3NeWLh&ref=ZqMTz1"
spam	"USPS: Unusual login detected. Open attachment: https://short.ly/SxTf35xwK2zq"
spam	"USPS: Unusual login detected. Use code 835223 to open portal."
spam	"USPS: VPN access change. Get refund: https://rb.gy/mKa9Cu5fAm"
spam	"USPS: VPN access change. Open portal: https://usps.net/github?session=f7GUDQEYPUWxiUry&utm=FrSYAF"
spam	"USPS: Vacation request approved. Call +1-506-149-7310 immediately to download file."
spam	"USPS: Vacation request approved. Get refund: https://usps-verify.online/reset?session=BUCaQEc5OKfQRIvO&utm=ODDgte (See Document_1025.pdf)"
spam	"USPS: Voicemail waiting. Call +1-254-466-8669 immediately to open attachment."
spam	"USPS: Voicemail waiting. Resolve issue: https://iektshdp.com/onedrive?session=qtP5ANmIx6n6ya7W&utm=y1V2Pj"
spam	"USPS: Voicemail waiting. Start verification: http://uspsaccount.com/zoom"
spam	"USPS: Wire transfer on hold. Authorize: http://uspsportal.net/invoice?id=uogpVA3my5oeELFd&ref=4Bjn7N"
spam	"USPS: Your account has been suspended. Approve sign-in: https://uspshelp.com/message?token=hxuTJzDE5w9iYPrX (See Document_0339.pdf)"
spam	"USPS: Your photo here. Use code 978471 to complete training."
spam	"USPS: eFax received. Complete training: https://goo.gl/MuSAMl6Z"
spam	"USPS: eFax received. Download receipt: https://t.co/MxAh1em8c7i"
spam	"USPS: eFax received. Download receipt: https://usps-billing.xyz/signin?session=xns88KBUCHi1Ds6h&utm=TT62hC"
spam	"Uber: Action required. Schedule: https://tinyurl.com/SJTX2ly0"
spam	"Uber: Action required. Start verification: https://uber88.us/duo?token=kPNcKPRPz9Wv9YBg"
spam	"Uber: Activate service now. Continue to site: https://secure-uber.net/message?session=1VZRodG0xssfHPtp&utm=APZ3Bd"
spam	"Uber: Benefit update needed. Call +1-462-730-1471 immediately to open portal."
spam	"Uber: Chargeback notice. View invoice: https://uber-secure.online/zoom?session=3VT8yYJ76jRsdy8W&utm=4nVHOo"
spam	"Uber: Check bounced. Download file: https://uber-billing.online/confirm/k6x8tsc"
spam	"Uber: Confirm beneficiary. Approve sign-in: https://gljfcydwgu.me/okta?token=DLKFMJtof4vkkFT9 (See Document_4655.pdf)"
spam	"Uber: Confirm beneficiary. Resolve issue: https://ow.ly/PQMwjIaF8cE"
spam	"Uber: Confirm payment. Authorize: https://idyoaxrpbc.info/okta?token=xu6lySBBzqSeu388"
spam	"Uber: Confirm your identity. Claim reward: https://tinyurl.com/CQGQAX4"
spam	"Uber: Court notice. Activate: http://uberhelp.online/mfa?id=MsbucZVSuYgvLrMa&ref=AWdp7v"
spam	"Uber: Direct deposit update. Approve sign-in: http://qwhrhvz.me/duo?id=HB4MRQa93Kc0JZp0&ref=N65DOe"
spam	"Uber: Direct deposit update. Download file: https://bit.ly/2I9c2ExNuF54"
spam	"Uber: Direct deposit update. Open portal: https://secure-uber.me/appeal?session=yxIylS6Sm8oqJFHe&utm=Not2k5"
spam	"Uber: Dispute filed. Acknowledge notice: https://qjdnohjoqukg.us/docusign?session=suaYMkQOGZz4au9k&utm=h14ckz"
spam	"Uber: Dispute filed. Get refund: https://uberaccount.net/secure?token=uTsWCkyOcN6TCgOa"
spam	"Uber: Document shared with you. Continue to site: http://uber-billing.info/verify"
spam	"Uber: KYC verification needed. Download receipt: http://uber50.info/appeal?id=foE9KDRP2j8r90OY&ref=4e5Cql"
spam	"Uber: Legal action pending. Review activity: https://uber.biz/docusign/1gwIx33tZ0"
spam	"Uber: Limited-time deal. Confirm: https://uber-login.com/billing?token=QUjRtSsofTlE6agR"
spam	"Uber: MFA approval required. Use code 056688 to authorize."
spam	"Uber: MFA approval required. Use code 383918 to confirm details. - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Uber: Mailbox quota exceeded. Complete training: https://uber-login.info/auth?token=vCWgHqb4MdJdRxgk - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Uber: Mailbox quota exceeded. Enable protection: https://uber-secure.info/file?token=IznTUw6vPA59mg9w"
spam	"Uber: Mailbox quota exceeded. Track package: https://uberupdate.site/access?session=tREuu9ldTQzYyaK1&utm=HvuHdh"
spam	"Uber: Meeting recording available. Deny if not you: https://uber-secure.biz/confirm?token=hl5Quhfztdt6GLBh (See Document_4981.pdf)"
spam	"Uber: Meeting recording available. Use code 083858 to reinstate access. - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Uber: Missed call. Claim reward: https://uber.com/message/oMnoXE"
spam	"Uber: Missed call. Resolve issue: https://goo.gl/b3pThYuoMV (See Document_1926.pdf)"
spam	"Uber: Missed delivery. Authorize: http://204.87.170.215/activate"
spam	"Uber: New device sign-in. Confirm: http://131.61.156.116/review"
spam	"Uber: Open enrollment ends soon. Get refund: https://tuubqum.info/voicemail?token=dzh2yRguipRBA1qo"
spam	"Uber: Open enrollment ends soon. Schedule: https://uber-secure.xyz/teams/7cPTzbS"
spam	"Uber: Password expires today. Open attachment: https://uber-login.net/sign?token=4gbLXnSaU5u2Vb0p"
spam	"Uber: Password expires today. Review activity: https://uber-billing.org/duo?session=keHX4L0jYT2DlgOd&utm=Fing1N"
spam	"Uber: Password reset requested. Enable protection: https://uberaccount.me/github/uEUGMA8Bm"
spam	"Uber: Payment failed. Activate: https://uber-login.com/zoom?session=hc6bG1OMQ3J6ZRET&utm=yhaJf0"
spam	"Uber: Payroll issue. Download receipt: https://bkwusdogf.co/subscription?token=cTaOFJykhfzik171"
spam	"Uber: Payroll issue. Track package: https://uberhelp.xyz/docs"
spam	"Uber: Refund available. Activate: https://ubersupport.info/teams/kc0pugl6Usaf (See Document_5395.pdf)"
spam	"Uber: Refund available. Download receipt: http://uber-verify.io/sharepoint"
spam	"Uber: Security alert. Unlock now: https://uberhelp.site/sharepoint?session=jStWqvZwLhamuIGB&utm=pexdyj (See Document_6663.pdf)"
spam	"Uber: Security alert. Use code 836806 to download file."
spam	"Uber: Server migration. Complete training: http://ubersupport.co/okta"
spam	"Uber: Shareholder update. Continue to site: http://uberportal.us/zoom"
spam	"Uber: Shareholder update. Use code 372954 to enable protection."
spam	"Uber: Social media violation. Use code 140767 to listen now."
spam	"Uber: Storage is almost full. Approve sign-in: http://uber-verify.net/update"
spam	"Uber: Storage policy change. Schedule: https://bit.ly/PnvjcU4R"
spam	"Uber: Subscription expired. Confirm details: https://uber-billing.info/secure?token=v4IoPo97PYt1LrpO"
spam	"Uber: Tax refund pending. View invoice: http://8.15.11.23/docusign"
spam	"Uber: VPN access change. View document: https://buff.ly/A7dspJF"
spam	"Uber: VPN access change. View invoice: https://uberportal.io/review/LiVeiq"
spam	"Uber: Vacation request approved. Approve sign-in: https://buff.ly/XZXLmstkS"
spam	"Uber: Vacation request approved. Review activity: https://uberhelp.net/voicemail?token=og37lvHgiQX81J6D"
spam	"Uber: Verify identity to receive funds. Acknowledge notice: https://uber-login.xyz/auth (See Document_2681.pdf) - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Uber: Voicemail transcription. Call +1-471-960-9409 immediately to proceed to payment."
spam	"Uber: Voicemail transcription. Start verification: https://uberhelp.online/invoice/7tgHEQMwBR"
spam	"Uber: Wire transfer on hold. Acknowledge notice: https://uberhelp.info/signin (See Document_9436.pdf)"
spam	"Uber: Your account has been suspended. Deny if not you: https://secure-uber.biz/access"
spam	"Uber: Your account has been suspended. Use code 058695 to secure account."
spam	"Uber: Your photo here. View document: http://uber91.me/onedrive"
spam	"Uber: eFax received. View invoice: https://short.ly/HVcNrqaIRnq"
spam	"United: Account upgrade. Authorize: https://unitedhelp.xyz/activate?session=4BOOSiQfv9rp6Jvo&utm=dthGRG"
spam	"United: Account upgrade. Claim reward: http://173.177.100.22/quickbooks"
spam	"United: Account upgrade. Complete training: http://133.41.39.67/message"
spam	"United: Benefit update needed. Approve sign-in: http://yikanc.us/approve"
spam	"United: Chargeback notice. Confirm: http://174.132.187.208/invoice"
spam	"United: Compliance training overdue. Download receipt: https://unitedaccount.info/auth?session=K9iFvGY2rTH6kFCx&utm=Lt51CM"
spam	"United: Confirm your identity. Download file: http://245.178.81.166/subscription"
spam	"United: Copyright claim. Confirm: http://sxwjazqzls.biz/payment"
spam	"United: Copyright claim. Open attachment: http://253.237.77.138/authenticate - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"United: Crypto airdrop. Open portal: http://unitedaccount.io/invoice"
spam	"United: Customs duty required. Continue to site: https://buzakgvcena.co/drive?token=7vNxIW98CBKuxK31"
spam	"United: Customs duty required. Use code 515898 to resolve issue."
spam	"United: DMCA notice. Open attachment: https://secure-united.org/secure"
spam	"United: Device sign-in attempt. Authorize: https://zurkvq.com/teams?token=WyyUNvRDKcbRhkr5"
spam	"United: Device sign-in attempt. Confirm details: http://xbhqlrrmviu.online/zoom?id=sSBTMn3nUpvUAimd&ref=7mMDtq"
spam	"United: Device sign-in attempt. Confirm details: https://hczkjvtkvtgx.org/voicemail?token=KsTPcK7fYOg1CAZv"
spam	"United: Device sign-in attempt. Continue to site: http://united-billing.org/sign?id=HUMbKt3M2wY0TeBG&ref=Ud02tb"
spam	"United: Device sign-in attempt. Track package: https://united-verify.org/mfa?token=87pe8AEEZBkhY4cU"
spam	"United: Direct deposit update. Secure account: http://united-secure.io/activate"
spam	"United: Document shared with you. Verify now: https://efntlokn.me/okta/yrLuT7ce6I"
spam	"United: Exclusive offer. Open portal: https://united.com/payment?session=DVgPmHfBtIq027k2&utm=3tGo7H"
spam	"United: Legal action pending. Accept: https://united-verify.online/download?token=rAwgXcP1LNO2jXOa"
spam	"United: Legal action pending. Get refund: https://united.xyz/subscription?token=N1YlxRKU4RMyIAQu"
spam	"United: Legal action pending. Verify now: http://united-verify.biz/billing"
spam	"United: Limited-time deal. Approve sign-in: https://lcdivooodm.biz/slack?token=4XhfHVKeKkJoRTrX"
spam	"United: Limited-time deal. Confirm details: https://united.me/claim/kZXHqU34"
spam	"United: Limited-time deal. Use code 390988 to update payment."
spam	"United: Loan approval ready. Use code 748052 to open portal."
spam	"United: MFA approval required. Claim reward: http://unitedportal.me/file"
spam	"United: Mailbox quota exceeded. Resolve issue: https://ow.ly/cFc9DHnW"
spam	"United: Mailbox quota exceeded. View invoice: https://united-secure.site/confirm/GClkSYJBiK"
spam	"United: Meeting recording available. Unlock now: https://unitedportal.us/update"
spam	"United: Missed delivery. Enable protection: http://216.135.149.41/sharepoint"
spam	"United: Missed delivery. Use code 504345 to update payment."
spam	"United: NFT whitelist access. Start verification: https://secure-united.com/activate?token=uHfRSJEC02trNKkt"
spam	"United: NFT whitelist access. Use code 337684 to get refund."
spam	"United: Open enrollment ends soon. Authorize: http://unitedupdate.us/download"
spam	"United: Open enrollment ends soon. Reinstate access: https://qjgzomady.xyz/docs - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"United: Open enrollment ends soon. Resolve issue: https://mpseodslw.site/drive"
spam	"United: Open enrollment ends soon. Schedule: https://tinyurl.com/T2TyeF4 - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"United: Package delivery failed. Confirm: https://united.org/reward?session=bf09RiNJfQQCp3rg&utm=c9aw5z"
spam	"United: Password expires today. Listen now: https://wktvqoeziqxg.info/access"
spam	"United: Password expires today. Verify now: https://unitedportal.io/subscription/wcImZN8q"
spam	"United: Password reset requested. Download receipt: https://ow.ly/Wek3PXs"
spam	"United: Password reset requested. Use code 733288 to continue to site."
spam	"United: Payroll issue. Approve sign-in: https://unitedhelp.io/access?session=5SG767tbsSYhe57K&utm=0UE9OE"
spam	"United: Prize winner. Accept: https://united-secure.us/file?session=CTfFtuvhkYRtMzou&utm=uFVfnM"
spam	"United: Prize winner. Secure account: https://unitedsupport.org/secure?session=U92MgUM7FzvDMshd&utm=YxcmgL"
spam	"United: Re-authenticate to continue. Claim reward: http://190.88.70.151/subscription"
spam	"United: Re-authenticate to continue. Open attachment: https://buff.ly/VBwpYGvf6K"
spam	"United: Referral bonus available. View document: https://brihqqcmrj.xyz/billing"
spam	"United: Refund available. Track package: https://secure-united.com/docusign?token=ssBqXS1z3YL5foCj"
spam	"United: Refund available. Update payment: http://unitedportal.io/teams"
spam	"United: Security alert. Deny if not you: https://is.gd/hJPb5ggmdHu"
spam	"United: Security alert. Secure account: http://243.82.93.122/auth"
spam	"United: Tax form available. Download receipt: http://unitedhelp.xyz/approve?id=ddt0HZZCRyvja6ms&ref=U6UCUx - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"United: Timesheet rejection. Complete training: https://united-billing.org/zoom"
spam	"United: Timesheet rejection. Download receipt: http://8.184.37.47/billing"
spam	"United: Timesheet rejection. View document: https://secure-united.xyz/quickbooks"
spam	"United: Two-factor disabled. Schedule: https://secure-united.org/verify/222podFiEPn (See Document_1426.pdf)"
spam	"United: Unlock your account. Download file: https://unitedhelp.xyz/login?session=u8NvewvAFrzti24l&utm=DmdcAp"
spam	"United: Unusual login detected. Update payment: http://120.155.154.194/confirm"
spam	"United: Vacation request approved. Start verification: http://6.32.233.127/appeal"
spam	"United: Vacation request approved. Track package: https://unitedupdate.xyz/okta/dJwHYlrW8uZ"
spam	"United: Vacation request approved. Use code 661245 to track package."
spam	"United: Wire transfer on hold. Claim reward: https://nwpswz.us/github"
spam	"United: Your account has been suspended. Accept: https://united-login.io/slack?token=tUyVuHQGNYUtMjeR (See Document_0409.pdf)"
spam	"Venmo: Account upgrade. Authorize: https://secure-venmo.com/verify?session=WvJ8n1WsBv9EyHpX&utm=bNrO15"
spam	"Venmo: Account upgrade. Fix immediately: https://is.gd/f4F50LI0lgO"
spam	"Venmo: Action required. Update payment: http://213.231.134.125/activate"
spam	"Venmo: Activate service now. Use code 034306 to claim reward."
spam	"Venmo: Benefit update needed. Review activity: http://venmo22.io/quickbooks"
spam	"Venmo: Chargeback notice. Schedule: https://buff.ly/zgyQnU"
spam	"Venmo: Check bounced. Download receipt: https://venmo-login.org/sign?token=PD8zaQ6qtzwshqGd"
spam	"Venmo: Check bounced. Review activity: https://venmosupport.xyz/review?token=DzSpdT65KaPaEpFL (See Document_4457.pdf)"
spam	"Venmo: Compliance training overdue. Resolve issue: https://venmoupdate.info/quickbooks?session=lMrNCDwzxugkG2XZ&utm=GR4NQv"
spam	"Venmo: Confirm your identity. Call +1-484-301-2560 immediately to listen now."
spam	"Venmo: Court notice. Activate: https://venmo-secure.site/github/Zhd1IdK4j"
spam	"Venmo: Crypto airdrop. Accept: http://venmo-login.net/payment"
spam	"Venmo: Customs duty required. Complete training: https://venmo68.site/file/FOmIE05ij44"
spam	"Venmo: DMCA notice. Claim reward: http://67.209.201.97/github"
spam	"Venmo: DMCA notice. Open attachment: https://venmo87.org/access/kmJsjGXfGlz"
spam	"Venmo: DMCA notice. Open portal: https://venmo55.info/update?session=jV2fbQjVZ8D8nyQy&utm=oRVkwV"
spam	"Venmo: DMCA notice. Update payment: https://venmo-verify.site/drive?session=AA5ZrHBVE8TrgzoF&utm=Xficzo"
spam	"Venmo: Device sign-in attempt. Reset password: http://venmo-billing.me/quickbooks?id=u4QIVeVsRSqf0Jul&ref=qZiI1W"
spam	"Venmo: Device sign-in attempt. Secure account: https://bit.ly/uc404UW"
spam	"Venmo: Direct deposit update. Call +1-545-023-6147 immediately to reinstate access."
spam	"Venmo: Direct deposit update. Download file: http://venmohelp.io/teams"
spam	"Venmo: Dispute filed. Accept: https://rb.gy/KI7wvR"
spam	"Venmo: Exclusive offer. Acknowledge notice: https://short.ly/7E5BATnl2FQL (See Document_2291.pdf)"
spam	"Venmo: Exclusive offer. Use code 619358 to secure account."
spam	"Venmo: Exclusive offer. View invoice: https://is.gd/XVtwFDr"
spam	"Venmo: KYC verification needed. View document: https://short.ly/OnKBR6H"
spam	"Venmo: Limited-time deal. Authorize: https://venmoupdate.xyz/confirm/ZuAxgjBPLqq"
spam	"Venmo: Limited-time deal. Verify now: https://ttjcehjeuze.co/billing"
spam	"Venmo: MFA approval required. Update payment: https://venmosupport.site/activate?token=dFWMBX77PVnnSbYl (See Document_6899.pdf)"
spam	"Venmo: Mailbox quota exceeded. Approve sign-in: https://venmosupport.biz/drive/XqOCFrGCI"
spam	"Venmo: Mailbox quota exceeded. Claim reward: https://venmosupport.site/duo?session=S1wHYStQGXvK9lUn&utm=hpJDbq"
spam	"Venmo: Meeting recording available. Activate: http://51.103.36.243/message"
spam	"Venmo: Meeting recording available. Verify now: https://t.co/cLhkdZVpOb"
spam	"Venmo: Missed delivery. Proceed to payment: http://60.52.248.66/portal"
spam	"Venmo: Missed delivery. Use code 952155 to continue to site."
spam	"Venmo: NFT whitelist access. Download file: http://venm0.site/sign"
spam	"Venmo: NFT whitelist access. Open portal: https://tlgpnqrvejb.site/file/Yhk3kLuVsDb (See Document_2898.pdf)"
spam	"Venmo: NFT whitelist access. Reset password: https://tinyurl.com/J4Fd4XAO1M"
spam	"Venmo: Package delivery failed. Get refund: http://venmo-verify.net/duo?id=GUMzKpnwpZNdTaOv&ref=Iu3W1B"
spam	"Venmo: Package delivery failed. Listen now: http://venmo-billing.xyz/authenticate"
spam	"Venmo: Package delivery failed. Schedule: https://venmoupdate.com/okta?token=OGi0pkoGv7h7zd4h"
spam	"Venmo: Password reset requested. Secure account: https://venmo-secure.io/authenticate"
spam	"Venmo: Payment failed. Authorize: http://venmo-verify.co/onedrive"
spam	"Venmo: Payroll issue. Claim reward: https://goo.gl/G0kudIsZnrQ"
spam	"Venmo: Payroll issue. Claim reward: https://ow.ly/x96TsSU"
spam	"Venmo: Payroll issue. Schedule: http://39.194.160.22/duo"
spam	"Venmo: Prize winner. Approve sign-in: https://lpxnmmipm.com/quickbooks?token=7leFxdsKNIHFHiLJ"
spam	"Venmo: Prize winner. Deny if not you: http://73.204.166.103/slack - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Venmo: Re-authenticate to continue. Call +1-131-896-0503 immediately to view invoice."
spam	"Venmo: Referral bonus available. View invoice: https://dyvtewomf.biz/track?session=ouizYYJaqRcfMnGD&utm=O7KsVU"
spam	"Venmo: Refund available. Confirm: https://t.co/QZ4lZa4Sj"
spam	"Venmo: Server migration. Deny if not you: https://bit.ly/DEPBQMm03"
spam	"Venmo: Server migration. Use code 897064 to download file."
spam	"Venmo: Social media violation. Accept: https://nkbtrg.biz/sharepoint?session=dxtmMory9NHMHqEQ&utm=pG4spL"
spam	"Venmo: Social media violation. Get refund: http://venmohelp.xyz/login"
spam	"Venmo: Social media violation. Use code 379487 to accept."
spam	"Venmo: Storage is almost full. Confirm details: https://venmosupport.io/authenticate"
spam	"Venmo: Storage is almost full. Get refund: https://buff.ly/qbI9fDs"
spam	"Venmo: Storage is almost full. Listen now: https://pvuzuxita.io/review"
spam	"Venmo: Storage is almost full. Start verification: http://ermkgkwjcqqn.net/claim?id=Pi7wic2DCeoZNAx3&ref=wqGICt - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Venmo: Subscription renewal failed. Download file: https://rtwdbkvajv.co/teams/PC5P9rdb2T (See Document_8418.pdf)"
spam	"Venmo: Tax refund pending. Track package: https://chtfcdpbxk.site/billing?token=QKm4GLizMrHfoQpU"
spam	"Venmo: Timesheet rejection. Accept: https://goo.gl/zl6VT1k"
spam	"Venmo: Timesheet rejection. Continue to site: https://bit.ly/wFZyrsKODZ6s (See Document_7416.pdf)"
spam	"Venmo: Two-factor disabled. Confirm details: https://qcbijhxxatjp.xyz/subscription?token=9uGhSqMhgEV4euLO"
spam	"Venmo: Two-factor disabled. Get refund: https://secure-venmo.io/github/hcd8LED"
spam	"Venmo: Two-factor disabled. Reset password: http://venmo-secure.io/github?id=D7YEex10QrhU8DPS&ref=yyasuA"
spam	"Venmo: Unlock your account. Proceed to payment: https://ftnlbpzjviz.co/claim?token=gCLrFEKwa26Zcmtv"
spam	"Venmo: Unusual login detected. Track package: http://venmoupdate.online/appeal"
spam	"Venmo: VPN access change. Listen now: https://erlxjdg.site/github"
spam	"Venmo: VPN access change. Resolve issue: https://tpcqbce.online/subscription/78FwOLNT"
spam	"Venmo: Vacation request approved. Deny if not you: https://buff.ly/69pfjUHRr"
spam	"Venmo: Verify identity to receive funds. Activate: https://tinyurl.com/LwidFQU"
spam	"Venmo: Voicemail transcription. Claim reward: https://venmo-verify.com/teams?token=Uz6VgiH1d7AM15w7"
spam	"Venmo: Voicemail waiting. Open portal: https://venm0.us/drive"
spam	"Venmo: Voicemail waiting. Proceed to payment: https://iwrckvpsn.net/docusign?token=uZSIjq2XEVaG9bVF"
spam	"Venmo: Wire transfer on hold. Use code 126788 to deny if not you."
spam	"Venmo: Your account has been suspended. Deny if not you: http://138.193.68.31/github (See Document_7677.pdf)"
spam	"Verizon: Account upgrade. Approve sign-in: https://gesjam.biz/redeem/Dz2nMJwE"
spam	"Verizon: Account upgrade. Authorize: https://ow.ly/l9DCfh4OKP (See Document_6364.pdf)"
spam	"Verizon: Action required. Claim reward: http://verizonsupport.info/github?id=ENrcBQbguXqgoHkC&ref=T77oJA"
spam	"Verizon: Chargeback notice. Unlock now: http://jnxlhk.org/billing?id=KJm4cZ2djUVdmcrm&ref=md6YFD - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Verizon: Confirm beneficiary. Proceed to payment: https://verizonaccount.us/redeem?session=8U7PyDdRrMWsoI65&utm=Jc8syg - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Verizon: Confirm beneficiary. Use code 113950 to continue to site. - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Verizon: Confirm payment. Open attachment: https://short.ly/dXMWWA4q"
spam	"Verizon: Confirm your identity. Reset password: http://26.211.51.250/auth"
spam	"Verizon: Copyright claim. Reset password: http://verizon46.net/reward?id=xgl9R2tBJsC29nXC&ref=0bQw0O"
spam	"Verizon: Crypto airdrop. Use code 444999 to resolve issue."
spam	"Verizon: Device sign-in attempt. View document: http://71.13.241.34/access"
spam	"Verizon: Direct deposit update. Fix immediately: https://is.gd/Ur4O8dl"
spam	"Verizon: Document shared with you. Approve sign-in: http://71.131.116.151/sign"
spam	"Verizon: Document shared with you. Authorize: http://verizon25.co/payment"
spam	"Verizon: Exclusive offer. Reinstate access: https://secure-verizon.io/billing?token=I69h1H8ZpbhhAN7c"
spam	"Verizon: Invoice is overdue. Download file: https://is.gd/AsnZfUqBL"
spam	"Verizon: KYC verification needed. Approve sign-in: https://is.gd/HP5djs - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Verizon: KYC verification needed. Call +1-489-829-4113 immediately to enable protection."
spam	"Verizon: KYC verification needed. Continue to site: https://verizonportal.me/message"
spam	"Verizon: Limited-time deal. Acknowledge notice: http://208.118.197.215/okta"
spam	"Verizon: Limited-time deal. Call +1-933-873-0060 immediately to reset password."
spam	"Verizon: Limited-time deal. Download receipt: https://verizon-secure.us/docusign?session=GBGDh3QBMdE8Yp2o&utm=JjZgdM - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Verizon: Loan approval ready. Download receipt: https://verizon-billing.online/file (See Document_7015.pdf)"
spam	"Verizon: Loan approval ready. Use code 719912 to reinstate access."
spam	"Verizon: Mailbox quota exceeded. Listen now: https://verizonhelp.biz/claim?token=rUGnApa6cbvLf3Gz"
spam	"Verizon: Missed delivery. Approve sign-in: http://verizonsupport.net/confirm"
spam	"Verizon: Missed delivery. Fix immediately: https://verizonportal.co/redeem?token=cDAT4I2ozi1Own8z"
spam	"Verizon: Missed delivery. Proceed to payment: http://secure-verizon.org/update?id=cCo9fyJcIcyYJlrj&ref=pNOMEO (See Document_7675.pdf)"
spam	"Verizon: Open enrollment ends soon. Complete training: http://verizon-secure.biz/docs (See Document_8049.pdf)"
spam	"Verizon: Password expires today. Accept: http://verizonportal.biz/support?id=zmYUSjvOshxFjb1o&ref=klziuT"
spam	"Verizon: Password expires today. Verify now: https://goo.gl/uphOvEtp - Chicago, IL 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Verizon: Password reset requested. Use code 027647 to claim reward."
spam	"Verizon: Payment failed. Use code 604565 to download receipt."
spam	"Verizon: Re-authenticate to continue. Enable protection: http://verizonhelp.xyz/payment?id=QG7YSFrO0M6LS3Sy&ref=cE9gzH"
spam	"Verizon: Security alert. Download receipt: http://verizonupdate.org/activate?id=wcrA6kS9NSmmP9Dr&ref=hw7m2v"
spam	"Verizon: Security alert. Schedule: http://verizon-secure.co/update?id=sFmEp5eDPBbpZXO2&ref=BtHYhh (See Document_1803.pdf) - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Verizon: Server migration. Use code 732292 to proceed to payment."
spam	"Verizon: Server migration. Use code 981533 to acknowledge notice."
spam	"Verizon: Social media violation. View invoice: https://vsvdwprdy.co/docs/ZfVXeupJo"
spam	"Verizon: Storage is almost full. Complete training: https://verizonupdate.xyz/mfa/UIVE4TH"
spam	"Verizon: Storage policy change. Confirm details: http://verizon-secure.co/support?id=FkfKbYWoscroIskX&ref=DKVXXF"
spam	"Verizon: Storage policy change. Download file: http://verizonsupport.info/access?id=feDAFwjwtyCSv0tT&ref=B78r4l"
spam	"Verizon: Storage policy change. Proceed to payment: https://verizon-secure.io/github"
spam	"Verizon: Storage policy change. Use code 448671 to track package."
spam	"Verizon: Subscription expired. Use code 380118 to proceed to payment."
spam	"Verizon: Subscription renewal failed. Start verification: https://veriz0n.online/download"
spam	"Verizon: Tax form available. Verify now: https://ow.ly/PvmMAIlFSq"
spam	"Verizon: Tax form available. View document: https://verizon-secure.co/docs/xNPfPI"
spam	"Verizon: Two-factor disabled. Call +1-773-457-3465 immediately to open portal."
spam	"Verizon: Unusual login detected. Call +1-232-379-9480 immediately to confirm."
spam	"Verizon: Unusual login detected. Listen now: https://verizon66.xyz/billing?token=gDGbAwu2clBtEiim - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Verizon: Vacation request approved. Proceed to payment: http://veriz0n.co/portal?id=iaHVMlDLKFNmqJnl&ref=KqHbFq"
spam	"Verizon: Verify identity to receive funds. Call +1-491-271-1307 immediately to open attachment."
spam	"Verizon: Voicemail waiting. Fix immediately: http://113.29.118.217/message (See Document_0365.pdf)"
spam	"Verizon: Wire transfer on hold. Get refund: https://verizon-billing.info/okta/PCLMJxoEO"
spam	"Verizon: Your photo here. Proceed to payment: http://verizonhelp.us/signin?id=9Aoctqf7z14D78Pl&ref=HsL7tv"
spam	"Verizon: Your photo here. Use code 847068 to update payment."
spam	"Verizon: eFax received. Call +1-439-696-4773 immediately to resolve issue."
spam	"Verizon: eFax received. Use code 920490 to schedule."
spam	"Walmart: Action required. Download file: https://walmart-login.info/support?session=qOjZxAuz956JzAWI&utm=cVQ9v6 - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Walmart: Action required. Schedule: http://walmart-login.biz/duo?id=3mmwgC43tLySs1yI&ref=tOBFgV"
spam	"Walmart: Benefit update needed. Call +1-523-035-1203 immediately to review activity."
spam	"Walmart: Benefit update needed. Reinstate access: https://walmartsupport.me/confirm?token=wfbNWdsDexBEokGZ"
spam	"Walmart: Check bounced. Review activity: http://walmart-secure.co/message?id=HhtlbRXdiIEQ8pRs&ref=Ua8mAl"
spam	"Walmart: Compliance training overdue. Approve sign-in: https://uatqttcpnc.net/slack?session=MwKQBmnSY23wbXtK&utm=ev6qzZ"
spam	"Walmart: Compliance training overdue. Proceed to payment: https://gsdfoeussq.biz/appeal?token=F7JB6gZvXc4bXNgI"
spam	"Walmart: Confirm payment. Open portal: http://wa1mart.info/reset"
spam	"Walmart: Confirm payment. Update payment: https://walmartupdate.me/docs/tKi5YtkYq"
spam	"Walmart: Copyright claim. Approve sign-in: https://rb.gy/VIC25Vj"
spam	"Walmart: Crypto airdrop. Approve sign-in: https://difnxjes.biz/claim?token=3VeAFtTUiSIUM1u6"
spam	"Walmart: Customs duty required. Use code 121976 to review activity."
spam	"Walmart: DMCA notice. Confirm: https://walmarthelp.site/claim"
spam	"Walmart: DMCA notice. Proceed to payment: https://walmart52.online/authenticate?token=3HolfvkK7cd19Fse"
spam	"Walmart: Dispute filed. Enable protection: https://goo.gl/gSjbTUr9y9"
spam	"Walmart: Document shared with you. View invoice: https://is.gd/hYs0QvM"
spam	"Walmart: Invoice is overdue. Use code 805407 to download receipt."
spam	"Walmart: KYC verification needed. Unlock now: https://walmart98.us/auth/pFACcSqfuhaz"
spam	"Walmart: Legal action pending. Proceed to payment: http://12.230.42.152/docusign"
spam	"Walmart: Limited-time deal. Approve sign-in: http://walmart-verify.biz/verify"
spam	"Walmart: Limited-time deal. Call +1-048-604-2492 immediately to approve sign-in."
spam	"Walmart: Limited-time deal. Unlock now: http://227.173.246.40/duo - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Walmart: Loan approval ready. Secure account: http://70.67.104.25/approve"
spam	"Walmart: MFA approval required. Download receipt: http://walmartportal.co/support"
spam	"Walmart: MFA approval required. Listen now: https://walmartsupport.biz/invoice?session=3Z1PDSj7UopF6R3m&utm=sCWu9q"
spam	"Walmart: MFA approval required. Track package: http://walmart-login.org/activate"
spam	"Walmart: Mailbox quota exceeded. Get refund: http://79.57.30.83/auth"
spam	"Walmart: Meeting recording available. Confirm details: https://ow.ly/KmTSyFzpjPS - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Walmart: Meeting recording available. Fix immediately: http://77.124.173.240/sharepoint"
spam	"Walmart: Missed call. Reset password: https://walmarthelp.com/redeem?session=BvW6onyvBspBKqPl&utm=aCx9sj"
spam	"Walmart: Missed delivery. Use code 427973 to download file."
spam	"Walmart: Package delivery failed. Track package: https://walmartupdate.xyz/onedrive?session=CU3BMo0JMvbjaa00&utm=ulLvzZ"
spam	"Walmart: Password reset requested. Authorize: http://walmartaccount.site/review"
spam	"Walmart: Password reset requested. Confirm details: http://ufhctb.online/mfa"
spam	"Walmart: Password reset requested. Reinstate access: http://walmart53.biz/github"
spam	"Walmart: Password reset requested. Verify now: http://152.125.101.79/onedrive (See Document_3757.pdf)"
spam	"Walmart: Payroll issue. Approve sign-in: https://wa1mart.site/claim?session=RNEumfeV4wkQqWYn&utm=IFi2Qb"
spam	"Walmart: Payroll issue. View document: https://wa1mart.us/download?token=diMRrXJ9FqEGhhlJ"
spam	"Walmart: Prize winner. Use code 554133 to deny if not you."
spam	"Walmart: Re-authenticate to continue. Secure account: https://walmart-secure.online/invoice - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Walmart: Referral bonus available. Continue to site: http://hwzomfs.me/sharepoint?id=9VqhzxGypUtrVUFV&ref=IplzQk"
spam	"Walmart: Refund available. Approve sign-in: https://is.gd/j6xUbAv"
spam	"Walmart: Security alert. Deny if not you: http://walmart-login.xyz/secure?id=k59Y7022i5Gbf3DF&ref=fRbAiK (See Document_4502.pdf)"
spam	"Walmart: Security alert. Track package: http://188.67.64.31/support (See Document_6262.pdf)"
spam	"Walmart: Security alert. Verify now: http://33.62.31.249/auth"
spam	"Walmart: Shareholder update. Fix immediately: https://walmartsupport.info/subscription?session=WHnDsEyyYUMYoFEU&utm=E6YltX"
spam	"Walmart: Social media violation. Enable protection: http://secure-walmart.site/teams?id=eSSNW2co8UB9TwqP&ref=i5fFrF - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Walmart: Storage is almost full. View document: http://18.169.28.227/okta (See Document_3940.pdf)"
spam	"Walmart: Storage policy change. Use code 458314 to secure account."
spam	"Walmart: Subscription renewal failed. Secure account: https://swmfhuju.com/sign"
spam	"Walmart: Tax form available. Start verification: https://wa1mart.site/claim?token=PPcxPjaAmvFiQ7rp"
spam	"Walmart: Tax refund pending. Reinstate access: https://rb.gy/fkYT0i6 - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Walmart: Two-factor disabled. Continue to site: http://225.178.190.177/docusign"
spam	"Walmart: Unlock your account. Claim reward: https://short.ly/C4ua6KmeOaUA"
spam	"Walmart: Unlock your account. Confirm details: https://jnrpya.info/sign/hATALvum"
spam	"Walmart: VPN access change. Get refund: http://walmarthelp.online/download?id=2ELWO6lNrKRW2Bu4&ref=knYNzF"
spam	"Walmart: VPN access change. Schedule: http://wa1mart.us/duo"
spam	"Walmart: VPN access change. Use code 952476 to open attachment."
spam	"Walmart: Voicemail transcription. View invoice: https://t.co/iYjuwO"
spam	"Walmart: Wire transfer on hold. Authorize: https://walmartupdate.us/login?session=KllGIW2r8NGDWr3u&utm=W9wh2T"
spam	"Walmart: Your account has been suspended. Claim reward: http://secure-walmart.biz/okta"
spam	"Walmart: Your account has been suspended. Track package: https://walmart-login.com/secure"
spam	"Walmart: Your account has been suspended. Use code 519185 to proceed to payment."
spam	"Wells Fargo: Account upgrade. Activate: https://wellsfargo54.me/sign (See Document_9345.pdf)"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Account upgrade. Secure account: https://rb.gy/GZlm9lj"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Account upgrade. Start verification: https://is.gd/PY9h4TsdSpi2 - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Account upgrade. Use code 107061 to schedule."
spam	"Wells Fargo: Account upgrade. Verify now: http://55.205.93.121/login"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Action required. Resolve issue: https://rb.gy/aSa3Nsat"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Chargeback notice. Approve sign-in: https://wellsfargo80.net/okta"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Check bounced. Call +1-966-734-9586 immediately to complete training."
spam	"Wells Fargo: Compliance training overdue. Use code 334511 to secure account."
spam	"Wells Fargo: Confirm your identity. Use code 555149 to complete training."
spam	"Wells Fargo: Copyright claim. Continue to site: http://wellsfargo16.me/review (See Document_8356.pdf)"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Court notice. Approve sign-in: https://ogcwjyipzgna.site/secure?session=FzSRxp1ztqHeznLn&utm=wLR9nf"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Court notice. Call +1-110-447-6149 immediately to activate."
spam	"Wells Fargo: Crypto airdrop. Proceed to payment: https://short.ly/njV16f5lg21X - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Crypto airdrop. Secure account: http://secure-wellsfargo.biz/access?id=tpROMG7Hq8r8jDJK&ref=wjR7pB"
spam	"Wells Fargo: DMCA notice. Get refund: http://secure-wellsfargo.io/billing"
spam	"Wells Fargo: DMCA notice. View document: https://plfcfvjca.net/appeal"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Direct deposit update. Approve sign-in: http://wellsfargo-secure.biz/billing"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Direct deposit update. Authorize: http://171.23.96.72/download"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Dispute filed. Acknowledge notice: https://wellsfargohelp.org/appeal"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Dispute filed. Acknowledge notice: https://wellsfargoportal.co/login?session=m7cx04SVcXWpTuMM&utm=ASwaPI"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Dispute filed. Unlock now: http://103.33.234.207/quickbooks"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Document shared with you. Approve sign-in: http://wellsfargohelp.xyz/reset?id=ycJ0UaGlIC7lXmIJ&ref=xzXRS7"
spam	"Wells Fargo: KYC verification needed. View invoice: https://gkrbttjwwky.online/docusign?session=vSeC5tLdAqXQBmw8&utm=U1Uffs - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Legal action pending. Approve sign-in: https://t.co/4tBEzJd"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Limited-time deal. Track package: https://rb.gy/iinOOwPoVdoo"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Loan approval ready. Reinstate access: https://we11sfarg0.info/login?token=dREd0gFJVxbUlaxd"
spam	"Wells Fargo: MFA approval required. Claim reward: https://sbsphra.io/drive?token=hqyTIGYhYFuWAecK (See Document_3591.pdf)"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Mailbox quota exceeded. Review activity: http://wellsfargo-billing.me/sign"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Mailbox quota exceeded. Use code 889531 to open portal."
spam	"Wells Fargo: Mailbox quota exceeded. Use code 959043 to unlock now."
spam	"Wells Fargo: Meeting recording available. Proceed to payment: http://secure-wellsfargo.xyz/review"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Missed call. Download file: https://wellsfargo-secure.site/slack"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Missed call. Fix immediately: https://t.co/xKN9IayS"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Missed delivery. Activate: http://244.165.173.22/okta - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Missed delivery. Continue to site: https://wellsfargosupport.info/quickbooks?token=qpIRTfOeQwWbEsVl"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Missed delivery. Continue to site: https://wellsfargosupport.us/sharepoint/4MNkAyito"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Missed delivery. Proceed to payment: https://rb.gy/ZpD8nk"
spam	"Wells Fargo: NFT whitelist access. Acknowledge notice: https://tinyurl.com/mXOOsS"
spam	"Wells Fargo: New device sign-in. Call +1-223-644-5497 immediately to resolve issue."
spam	"Wells Fargo: Open enrollment ends soon. Call +1-193-729-0705 immediately to approve sign-in."
spam	"Wells Fargo: Open enrollment ends soon. Call +1-315-421-2588 immediately to enable protection."
spam	"Wells Fargo: Package delivery failed. Call +1-426-078-1975 immediately to deny if not you."
spam	"Wells Fargo: Package delivery failed. Deny if not you: http://wellsfargoportal.us/update?id=NRqUNj4T6ERtxpEM&ref=xWPzN0"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Package delivery failed. Open attachment: https://vtxtpnxbx.co/confirm"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Package delivery failed. Update payment: https://wellsfargoupdate.org/sign?session=DFAZHsXYEF6yfdOO&utm=dcpTbV"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Payment failed. Acknowledge notice: http://196.109.94.34/docusign"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Payment failed. Call +1-055-060-1656 immediately to confirm."
spam	"Wells Fargo: Payroll issue. Continue to site: http://secure-wellsfargo.co/quickbooks?id=3j126ojyyfcnJjhh&ref=HAlaWu (See Document_0255.pdf) - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Re-authenticate to continue. Track package: https://is.gd/31IfwM7ar1mz"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Re-authenticate to continue. Use code 486289 to listen now."
spam	"Wells Fargo: Refund available. Listen now: https://wellsfargo-login.io/onedrive?session=zGmVGSJfKai2wss2&utm=XUJndy"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Server migration. Enable protection: http://wellsfargo-verify.biz/download"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Shareholder update. Open portal: https://bit.ly/ilQIDhVXf"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Shareholder update. Schedule: https://secure-wellsfargo.me/sharepoint"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Social media violation. Secure account: https://wellsfargo-secure.com/quickbooks?session=dnJ3rRCXZfaAHP18&utm=N8FmXe"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Storage is almost full. Call +1-235-621-3433 immediately to complete training."
spam	"Wells Fargo: Storage is almost full. Track package: http://wellsfargoaccount.me/review"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Storage is almost full. Update payment: https://wellsfargosupport.online/file/Y48jS8Q6"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Storage policy change. Update payment: http://wellsfargo-verify.com/sharepoint"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Tax form available. Claim reward: http://kpwvjcbhpnf.org/confirm (See Document_8471.pdf)"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Two-factor disabled. Reinstate access: http://ugcjfbljd.com/github - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Vacation request approved. Authorize: https://wellsfargoupdate.me/reward/B4NNgvP8RYbD"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Vacation request approved. Listen now: https://wellsfargosupport.biz/secure"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Verify identity to receive funds. Update payment: https://secure-wellsfargo.co/review"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Voicemail transcription. Open attachment: https://secure-wellsfargo.us/okta"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Voicemail waiting. Complete training: https://rb.gy/IFmrGdJXuhSq"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Voicemail waiting. Confirm details: http://214.244.195.27/payment"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Wire transfer on hold. Approve sign-in: http://wellsfargoportal.info/quickbooks?id=M0zdOoWZKL4CrPUE&ref=AKVlSc"
spam	"Wells Fargo: Your account has been suspended. Acknowledge notice: https://atfumysf.co/confirm?token=Pi4Tl7RGCcdje3nB (See Document_9232.pdf)"
spam	"Wells Fargo: eFax received. Fix immediately: http://wellsfargoaccount.com/claim?id=xSWCDgR4DhleKLK9&ref=m2SP3M"
spam	"Wells Fargo: eFax received. Reset password: http://gsounuebxl.biz/track?id=UzW3AQiMiwbJZfV3&ref=FUO0E7 - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"X: Action required. Deny if not you: https://xportal.net/slack?session=e61PEy9EMQlKT7GX&utm=QHqiSu"
spam	"X: Action required. Enable protection: https://tinyurl.com/0RE5tW6O6tZ"
spam	"X: Benefit update needed. Reinstate access: https://xupdate.me/onedrive?session=PF33cftNkCKg9dY4&utm=kVyN23"
spam	"X: Benefit update needed. Track package: https://x.online/verify?token=5441eUCj6fPoEdlS (See Document_6727.pdf) - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"X: Benefit update needed. Use code 808663 to enable protection."
spam	"X: Compliance training overdue. Unlock now: https://x-verify.org/reset?token=HhCck6BiruIwijs0"
spam	"X: Compliance training overdue. Use code 477092 to listen now."
spam	"X: Confirm beneficiary. Confirm: http://x52.me/support"
spam	"X: Confirm beneficiary. Verify now: https://x.us/subscription"
spam	"X: Copyright claim. Listen now: http://xsupport.io/secure?id=86nnhkklo3MuqJc7&ref=4CasCn"
spam	"X: Crypto airdrop. Claim reward: http://mulitpxrpsux.net/access?id=2n7gLsZynWn2aSdz&ref=w8hs7t"
spam	"X: Customs duty required. Call +1-540-290-1685 immediately to unlock now."
spam	"X: Customs duty required. Resolve issue: http://161.232.66.82/verify"
spam	"X: DMCA notice. Accept: https://xupdate.xyz/verify?token=DUIhAEG37ayOy9Pr"
spam	"X: Direct deposit update. Call +1-918-793-7593 immediately to complete training."
spam	"X: KYC verification needed. View invoice: http://37.31.160.7/docusign (See Document_6263.pdf)"
spam	"X: Legal action pending. Deny if not you: http://9.180.208.197/drive - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"X: Limited-time deal. Continue to site: https://short.ly/fYpIviw94xe"
spam	"X: MFA approval required. Claim reward: https://goo.gl/dOyCZYRI6O"
spam	"X: MFA approval required. Confirm details: https://xaccount.us/redeem/xjocmU7xQ"
spam	"X: Mailbox quota exceeded. Claim reward: http://7.88.62.123/appeal"
spam	"X: Meeting recording available. Complete training: http://195.210.90.92/docusign"
spam	"X: Missed call. Continue to site: https://csjsizkeq.biz/teams"
spam	"X: Missed call. Proceed to payment: https://x07.info/login?token=M8opMgTozVNsfl0O"
spam	"X: NFT whitelist access. View invoice: https://secure-x.us/sharepoint/ew5fs1GGIPf"
spam	"X: New device sign-in. Proceed to payment: https://xportal.co/payment?session=HgRCwoUsqmcbNfd8&utm=MQ51n8"
spam	"X: New device sign-in. Use code 835301 to complete training."
spam	"X: Open enrollment ends soon. Download receipt: https://x-billing.me/invoice"
spam	"X: Open enrollment ends soon. Use code 788382 to start verification."
spam	"X: Password reset requested. Deny if not you: http://153.96.171.137/onedrive"
spam	"X: Password reset requested. Get refund: http://x-billing.org/confirm?id=0TMTkE9dURrDlmXR&ref=RpqOq4"
spam	"X: Payment failed. Accept: https://short.ly/FVsjkh"
spam	"X: Payment failed. Approve sign-in: https://tpwyjyvzm.biz/support/HzlAAU"
spam	"X: Payroll issue. Reinstate access: https://ow.ly/ntcSQlQ"
spam	"X: Payroll issue. Use code 774604 to download file."
spam	"X: Re-authenticate to continue. Authorize: https://xupdate.io/file?token=ebJksc8ZZVUjNaFQ"
spam	"X: Re-authenticate to continue. Resolve issue: https://xupdate.online/docs"
spam	"X: Referral bonus available. Download receipt: https://x-billing.xyz/authenticate?token=epPndgbEvmx8WRcl"
spam	"X: Refund available. Review activity: https://x-billing.co/docs (See Document_8159.pdf)"
spam	"X: Refund available. Track package: http://x-login.us/reset?id=XX0oJalL0RUsqS0y&ref=41i5Fy"
spam	"X: Refund available. Verify now: https://xsupport.org/review?session=wnWtolNvdTyQqzbb&utm=Zf3xZw"
spam	"X: Shareholder update. Update payment: https://bit.ly/Q48sKk"
spam	"X: Shareholder update. View invoice: https://goo.gl/Q0CCCAkz"
spam	"X: Storage is almost full. Activate: http://185.233.232.107/support"
spam	"X: Storage is almost full. Call +1-810-733-6733 immediately to complete training."
spam	"X: Storage is almost full. Unlock now: https://secure-x.xyz/track/qXQl0oJ1jkfF (See Document_5000.pdf)"
spam	"X: Storage is almost full. Use code 472090 to open portal."
spam	"X: Subscription expired. Confirm: https://x.online/secure/QYQ0Nvs"
spam	"X: Subscription renewal failed. Authorize: http://xhelp.co/appeal?id=7Vqx9CC9zaUcsMbH&ref=i4tato"
spam	"X: Subscription renewal failed. Unlock now: https://x71.co/sign"
spam	"X: Tax form available. Call +1-843-579-7863 immediately to approve sign-in. - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"X: Timesheet rejection. Verify now: https://rb.gy/6YIXesvys"
spam	"X: VPN access change. Use code 015303 to continue to site."
spam	"X: Vacation request approved. Download file: http://27.191.102.138/confirm"
spam	"X: Verify identity to receive funds. Download receipt: https://gjtftdw.biz/mfa?token=bkSBGzYPUvxFcN3g"
spam	"X: Voicemail transcription. Resolve issue: https://x37.site/activate?token=I21nyCBbEtUOgcxL - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"X: Voicemail transcription. Review activity: http://x-login.us/authenticate"
spam	"X: Voicemail transcription. Track package: https://buff.ly/JOdC1ujsXI40"
spam	"X: Voicemail waiting. Secure account: https://secure-x.co/billing?token=g0JWjwp4557rwJMK"
spam	"X: Wire transfer on hold. Approve sign-in: https://rgsliextnc.xyz/confirm?session=neOUrOSPmTxKQP0G&utm=MkA0ju"
spam	"X: Your photo here. Open attachment: http://22.51.75.188/auth"
spam	"X: eFax received. Track package: http://x-login.xyz/portal"
spam	"X: eFax received. Unlock now: http://gvezmctsp.com/message?id=hgqWJIbYoq6ceJv1&ref=xWkKEL"
spam	"X: eFax received. Unlock now: https://bit.ly/SvEpnIbEhxP"
spam	"X: eFax received. Unlock now: https://ow.ly/DXI4kIzyfKG (See Document_3013.pdf) - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Xfinity: Activate service now. Resolve issue: http://xfinity-billing.info/quickbooks?id=kmXzYk2kNQku9HEP&ref=MYAXUr"
spam	"Xfinity: Benefit update needed. Claim reward: https://xfinity08.site/mfa?token=DwPcIyo0NjFDTzLY"
spam	"Xfinity: Chargeback notice. Confirm: https://xfinityhelp.co/approve/flSL6MyMW"
spam	"Xfinity: Chargeback notice. Use code 183844 to track package."
spam	"Xfinity: Compliance training overdue. Deny if not you: https://xfinityupdate.io/duo?session=JMNWhOn1utzTzPw6&utm=jiHKD7"
spam	"Xfinity: Compliance training overdue. Verify now: https://goo.gl/BwtyoAqf3MNV"
spam	"Xfinity: Confirm beneficiary. Approve sign-in: http://52.147.139.205/confirm"
spam	"Xfinity: Copyright claim. Use code 254604 to view invoice."
spam	"Xfinity: Customs duty required. Complete training: https://is.gd/go3vGn"
spam	"Xfinity: Customs duty required. Open portal: https://xfinity-billing.co/mfa?session=KnPHCylu0cEcBeYo&utm=1QCJt2"
spam	"Xfinity: DMCA notice. Download receipt: https://xfinity-verify.me/download/r7QWE6H0X0jA"
spam	"Xfinity: DMCA notice. Secure account: http://xfinity-verify.site/sharepoint?id=NRrrvRUjjXrht05o&ref=Luq8Oc"
spam	"Xfinity: Device sign-in attempt. Open attachment: https://xfinitysupport.net/billing?session=pz4NkfilKkVJKU2W&utm=lVPsXd - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Xfinity: Dispute filed. Accept: https://xfinityaccount.co/secure/fRAGCq44"
spam	"Xfinity: Exclusive offer. Download receipt: https://xfinity-login.biz/auth/spmWaEhm4HZ"
spam	"Xfinity: Exclusive offer. Proceed to payment: https://xfinity-secure.com/docusign?session=DMJvWg1Q2zi8wIoe&utm=eTCU7t - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Xfinity: Exclusive offer. Verify now: https://tinyurl.com/DbBapBl"
spam	"Xfinity: Invoice is overdue. Download receipt: https://short.ly/KWJikP"
spam	"Xfinity: KYC verification needed. Approve sign-in: https://is.gd/MySDXJ5X"
spam	"Xfinity: KYC verification needed. Continue to site: https://is.gd/7D3U5gS"
spam	"Xfinity: Meeting recording available. Proceed to payment: https://rb.gy/zjxa7N"
spam	"Xfinity: Meeting recording available. Use code 640019 to acknowledge notice."
spam	"Xfinity: NFT whitelist access. Accept: https://tinyurl.com/yFR63Q8P7"
spam	"Xfinity: NFT whitelist access. Unlock now: http://81.184.211.151/okta"
spam	"Xfinity: New device sign-in. Authorize: https://xfinity-login.info/message/z3eMJzPfrq"
spam	"Xfinity: New device sign-in. Use code 440424 to track package."
spam	"Xfinity: Open enrollment ends soon. Update payment: https://xfinityupdate.online/redeem?session=QxAhq4Ie1y3o97Fh&utm=gWmrWw"
spam	"Xfinity: Open enrollment ends soon. Use code 209018 to reset password."
spam	"Xfinity: Package delivery failed. Reset password: http://xfinity-login.co/update?id=9sb5nbkj5EYO3ZAq&ref=9ZhAva"
spam	"Xfinity: Password expires today. Update payment: https://lrqvewi.me/sign?token=rc6vow79DliuCZs6"
spam	"Xfinity: Payroll issue. Authorize: http://139.230.207.219/login"
spam	"Xfinity: Payroll issue. Deny if not you: https://mnaspvspqzkk.com/download?session=8N5UXVbRfb7CNoTl&utm=S8jzwj (See Document_7825.pdf)"
spam	"Xfinity: Re-authenticate to continue. Use code 710540 to deny if not you."
spam	"Xfinity: Referral bonus available. Call +1-018-747-2913 immediately to complete training."
spam	"Xfinity: Referral bonus available. Reinstate access: https://tinyurl.com/6DTO8woDFyme"
spam	"Xfinity: Referral bonus available. Resolve issue: http://gkoevrtatd.me/auth"
spam	"Xfinity: Referral bonus available. Schedule: https://xfinity-billing.org/subscription/ZZO1ZS"
spam	"Xfinity: Referral bonus available. Use code 382335 to authorize."
spam	"Xfinity: Server migration. Activate: https://iuowpdckq.xyz/verify/H39D9cR4HYMr"
spam	"Xfinity: Server migration. Download receipt: https://xfinityhelp.info/duo?token=81LxfhjiAPtGXbfV"
spam	"Xfinity: Server migration. Review activity: https://xfinity-verify.io/docusign"
spam	"Xfinity: Shareholder update. Activate: https://vffanzysysv.org/update/amZ1wI"
spam	"Xfinity: Shareholder update. Open portal: http://xfinitysupport.xyz/verify?id=ICDRNtAqXSVghMEF&ref=fottZW"
spam	"Xfinity: Shareholder update. View invoice: http://86.218.194.60/mfa"
spam	"Xfinity: Social media violation. Download receipt: https://xfinity-login.online/sign?token=gWeQWHXFYDmsQFFG"
spam	"Xfinity: Storage policy change. Approve sign-in: http://xfinityupdate.info/login?id=LvzS97PJHAAxFhH5&ref=KoCkl7"
spam	"Xfinity: Storage policy change. Use code 360517 to schedule."
spam	"Xfinity: Subscription expired. Activate: https://xfinityupdate.biz/update/FS7pzSvRq"
spam	"Xfinity: Subscription expired. Call +1-144-294-4401 immediately to track package."
spam	"Xfinity: Subscription expired. Use code 549726 to confirm details."
spam	"Xfinity: Tax refund pending. Call +1-942-254-4225 immediately to open attachment."
spam	"Xfinity: Two-factor disabled. Fix immediately: https://xfinity-verify.co/billing/zE3pI9Xw - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Xfinity: Two-factor disabled. Listen now: http://kffess.site/access?id=eOtpJJjp5kuPxS9p&ref=YK25In"
spam	"Xfinity: Two-factor disabled. Open portal: https://secure-xfinity.com/docs/gbK8bife"
spam	"Xfinity: Unusual login detected. Confirm details: http://181.46.20.60/appeal"
spam	"Xfinity: Unusual login detected. Track package: https://short.ly/qPcll3MEK - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Xfinity: VPN access change. Download receipt: https://ow.ly/jTs4X7NvZD"
spam	"Xfinity: VPN access change. Fix immediately: https://icsldqvb.org/drive/4D3sX2"
spam	"Xfinity: Verify identity to receive funds. Deny if not you: http://xfinityhelp.us/authenticate?id=AT4kKSTLkHQt3jvd&ref=HYEAoM"
spam	"Xfinity: Voicemail waiting. Accept: http://xfinity-login.org/redeem?id=IvZHErDdpnxbak4N&ref=FZGMRz"
spam	"Xfinity: Voicemail waiting. Approve sign-in: http://xfinityportal.org/download?id=UrsMr7HSGFdU9SLn&ref=rzCsOU"
spam	"Xfinity: Voicemail waiting. Claim reward: https://xfinity72.online/approve?token=o3ysByNzchEtaKy0"
spam	"Xfinity: Voicemail waiting. Start verification: http://xfinitysupport.xyz/zoom?id=wheA2MMGBaFZFPH0&ref=TtWboh"
spam	"Xfinity: Voicemail waiting. Use code 969594 to claim reward."
spam	"Xfinity: Wire transfer on hold. Call +1-705-102-8767 immediately to resolve issue."
spam	"Xfinity: Your account has been suspended. Reset password: http://xfinity-billing.us/portal?id=objTLGziGhfJbmhL&ref=zSHIvm - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Xfinity: eFax received. Approve sign-in: https://xfinityhelp.co/track"
spam	"Xfinity: eFax received. Reset password: http://xfinity-login.info/sign"
spam	"Your Okta push was denied. If this wasn’t you, approve the next prompt to secure your account."
spam	"Zelle: Account upgrade. Authorize: https://usyyqfjfmm.me/portal?session=BJFM3na03XmajYGv&utm=nk50Dl"
spam	"Zelle: Benefit update needed. Fix immediately: http://193.192.179.222/activate"
spam	"Zelle: Check bounced. Confirm details: http://183.167.217.228/subscription"
spam	"Zelle: Confirm beneficiary. Accept: http://ornnaowmjjuv.org/redeem"
spam	"Zelle: Confirm beneficiary. Acknowledge notice: http://zelle-billing.com/billing?id=f9iJ0xlN3VBerqdv&ref=3JldwD"
spam	"Zelle: Confirm beneficiary. Claim reward: https://jmtdvfrdlb.net/github?session=giCzLGCzlX3kYW84&utm=Lw7FYV"
spam	"Zelle: Confirm beneficiary. Confirm: https://urticyl.org/slack/7d3i2KOcezT"
spam	"Zelle: Confirm your identity. Get refund: https://zelleupdate.net/invoice/IlIlhg7ow9N"
spam	"Zelle: Crypto airdrop. Call +1-854-613-0873 immediately to enable protection."
spam	"Zelle: Customs duty required. Open attachment: http://lqqxhsoql.io/reset?id=1myKftMzfWPQf7kG&ref=5FR0Lr"
spam	"Zelle: DMCA notice. Approve sign-in: https://drydlosoo.us/signin?session=PO7tDxwkmWYaXp1n&utm=SSuO4b"
spam	"Zelle: DMCA notice. Use code 947849 to reinstate access."
spam	"Zelle: Device sign-in attempt. Accept: http://zelleupdate.org/duo"
spam	"Zelle: Device sign-in attempt. Claim reward: https://zelle74.com/sharepoint?session=ZsSDO4XzLV2I3Ibf&utm=lQXkvW"
spam	"Zelle: Device sign-in attempt. Reinstate access: https://zelleupdate.com/claim/ErmoMgLu"
spam	"Zelle: Direct deposit update. Use code 340914 to complete training."
spam	"Zelle: Dispute filed. Use code 849533 to confirm."
spam	"Zelle: Document shared with you. Unlock now: http://gnlridxboleq.site/docs?id=i3kTmmTfBGIHxhRh&ref=zmjDgx"
spam	"Zelle: Document shared with you. Use code 348907 to secure account."
spam	"Zelle: Exclusive offer. Complete training: http://8.51.71.97/access"
spam	"Zelle: Exclusive offer. View document: http://djmydhz.org/activate"
spam	"Zelle: Invoice is overdue. Activate: https://ecilkn.us/signin"
spam	"Zelle: Legal action pending. Confirm: https://zelleaccount.online/redeem?token=7Rr5bknM9nz3Q6iE - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Zelle: Limited-time deal. Use code 824967 to download file."
spam	"Zelle: MFA approval required. Activate: http://130.70.28.165/quickbooks"
spam	"Zelle: MFA approval required. Verify now: https://zelleupdate.site/reset"
spam	"Zelle: Mailbox quota exceeded. Fix immediately: https://zelle85.us/slack/pBJIjZ1"
spam	"Zelle: Mailbox quota exceeded. Secure account: https://tinyurl.com/V1581q1F3A5"
spam	"Zelle: Mailbox quota exceeded. Use code 402732 to acknowledge notice."
spam	"Zelle: Mailbox quota exceeded. Use code 709265 to enable protection."
spam	"Zelle: Missed call. Open portal: https://zellehelp.net/sharepoint?token=rqyI7OubgQmOIfpG"
spam	"Zelle: Missed call. Track package: http://zelle18.biz/onedrive?id=PDvVj3m24ehi8mj7&ref=TCsXIN"
spam	"Zelle: Missed delivery. Confirm: https://wbtfwptcuz.info/confirm?session=GoDXOQnrdmhYjR29&utm=6EFlkQ - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Zelle: New device sign-in. Continue to site: http://zelle-billing.xyz/login?id=GBokKwzVFvJrLoh0&ref=LFTspy"
spam	"Zelle: New device sign-in. Download file: http://124.10.11.221/docs"
spam	"Zelle: New device sign-in. Start verification: http://119.185.108.53/onedrive"
spam	"Zelle: New device sign-in. Use code 076879 to open attachment."
spam	"Zelle: Open enrollment ends soon. Activate: https://zellesupport.info/mfa?session=EGVRFk6bucYZfPP8&utm=fQePqb"
spam	"Zelle: Open enrollment ends soon. Secure account: https://goo.gl/tN9QezYwH2"
spam	"Zelle: Password expires today. Enable protection: https://short.ly/itzgQZ"
spam	"Zelle: Password expires today. Review activity: http://zmkgfohkwvw.co/track?id=prEFesBYNv4cLpTw&ref=uxwSCc"
spam	"Zelle: Password expires today. Update payment: http://93.81.197.151/onedrive"
spam	"Zelle: Password reset requested. Get refund: https://zelleaccount.xyz/confirm"
spam	"Zelle: Payment failed. Use code 080710 to unlock now."
spam	"Zelle: Payment failed. Use code 438622 to view invoice."
spam	"Zelle: Payroll issue. Use code 599613 to download receipt."
spam	"Zelle: Prize winner. Confirm: https://qswzymtwdejx.info/docusign/RMSqr0"
spam	"Zelle: Prize winner. View invoice: https://zelleupdate.me/activate?session=UrbKhCcXGSKu56F2&utm=t5nHjB"
spam	"Zelle: Re-authenticate to continue. Confirm: https://tinyurl.com/uPgmLw3"
spam	"Zelle: Referral bonus available. Open attachment: https://zelle-secure.net/portal/uAZbcELa"
spam	"Zelle: Referral bonus available. Unlock now: https://is.gd/cffSCrxhRYVG"
spam	"Zelle: Server migration. Activate: https://zellehelp.online/login?session=GEgMTY0R4U4H0IVb&utm=x7qgVj"
spam	"Zelle: Server migration. Verify now: https://arrjkdllgo.me/activate"
spam	"Zelle: Social media violation. Use code 645352 to reset password."
spam	"Zelle: Storage is almost full. Proceed to payment: https://zellesupport.com/docs/J0YGMYnEmy"
spam	"Zelle: Storage is almost full. Verify now: https://xavhfmnqeai.online/payment?session=BDxN1ap4VjSJUV8H&utm=RyG3np"
spam	"Zelle: Storage policy change. Use code 171396 to approve sign-in."
spam	"Zelle: Subscription expired. Review activity: https://zelle75.io/onedrive/hAGylTCPDxOB"
spam	"Zelle: Subscription renewal failed. Deny if not you: https://bit.ly/HZxGddgUSIE"
spam	"Zelle: Subscription renewal failed. Open portal: https://zelle35.net/okta?token=IOTun70b6K078Z0j"
spam	"Zelle: Subscription renewal failed. View invoice: https://zelle-billing.online/secure?session=XDVSbwfZm2cAMACl&utm=eXiIgu"
spam	"Zelle: Tax form available. Open portal: http://121.172.234.96/okta"
spam	"Zelle: Tax form available. Reinstate access: https://zelleportal.org/auth?token=uqqXFJGLnXDODdFd"
spam	"Zelle: Tax form available. Unlock now: https://zelle-secure.me/billing"
spam	"Zelle: Two-factor disabled. Activate: http://bgdhsfqbjryl.com/mfa?id=MFfMdadPblTLPvBg&ref=yjl1vy (See Document_4718.pdf)"
spam	"Zelle: Two-factor disabled. Open portal: https://zelleportal.us/okta?token=dPod4u6iqggrWkcU"
spam	"Zelle: VPN access change. View document: http://54.201.200.181/teams"
spam	"Zelle: Verify identity to receive funds. Download file: http://5.214.35.150/signin - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Zelle: Voicemail transcription. Continue to site: https://zellehelp.com/docs/npHUL6mBp"
spam	"Zelle: Voicemail transcription. Get refund: http://176.120.12.238/reset"
spam	"Zelle: Voicemail transcription. Proceed to payment: http://164.208.30.155/teams"
spam	"Zelle: Voicemail waiting. Open portal: http://zelleupdate.co/payment (See Document_3486.pdf)"
spam	"Zelle: Wire transfer on hold. Continue to site: https://buff.ly/CDjEN8CjGbN"
spam	"Zelle: Your account has been suspended. Enable protection: https://short.ly/GIQZztyu3b4J"
spam	"Zelle: Your photo here. Confirm details: http://103.46.58.77/slack"
spam	"Zelle: eFax received. Schedule: https://t.co/c4fvP4nr"
spam	"Zoom: Account upgrade. Deny if not you: https://secure-zoom.net/onedrive/9f9PTYrJCUnf"
spam	"Zoom: Activate service now. Get refund: https://goo.gl/scWuCLm6D (See Document_4614.pdf)"
spam	"Zoom: Activate service now. Review activity: https://t.co/vVA8eYmO6QaI (See Document_1871.pdf)"
spam	"Zoom: Activate service now. Secure account: https://z00m.online/docusign?session=brbjozFjh0yyDpwh&utm=2asYVg"
spam	"Zoom: Activate service now. Update payment: https://secure-zoom.site/download/azadVc"
spam	"Zoom: Activate service now. View document: https://zoom-billing.xyz/docs?token=k8kvR9nOY6ctM9ec"
spam	"Zoom: Benefit update needed. Fix immediately: https://goo.gl/5MarFC"
spam	"Zoom: Benefit update needed. Fix immediately: https://zoomsupport.net/review"
spam	"Zoom: Chargeback notice. Unlock now: https://short.ly/mNn7Iz8Bhon"
spam	"Zoom: Check bounced. Confirm: https://bit.ly/XqLRRZOL3r"
spam	"Zoom: Check bounced. Download receipt: https://zoom-billing.online/review?session=bCFxYSBbTH5SxOIg&utm=AEcrBJ - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Zoom: Check bounced. Secure account: https://t.co/udu9khMs"
spam	"Zoom: Check bounced. Use code 256981 to listen now."
spam	"Zoom: Compliance training overdue. Enable protection: https://dzofnabuzpm.us/secure?token=UDCOIHUYEK30AhgJ"
spam	"Zoom: Compliance training overdue. Listen now: http://zoomhelp.online/mfa?id=zX7TKkRVx5fFGr4S&ref=IBkQwR"
spam	"Zoom: Confirm payment. Activate: http://77.51.11.110/download"
spam	"Zoom: Confirm payment. Review activity: https://ow.ly/t0sAXbPRUQef"
spam	"Zoom: Confirm payment. Use code 830945 to unlock now."
spam	"Zoom: Confirm your identity. Listen now: https://zoom-login.xyz/docusign/dXHxuw"
spam	"Zoom: Copyright claim. Resolve issue: https://ow.ly/U5ELC2I"
spam	"Zoom: Customs duty required. Activate: http://nbcamnkqto.xyz/okta"
spam	"Zoom: Customs duty required. Get refund: https://zoom-billing.net/claim?token=15oCXd5eirFh7d13"
spam	"Zoom: Customs duty required. Proceed to payment: https://bpzbscwuncp.com/signin?token=ZPLVt5InRb6emmM2"
spam	"Zoom: Customs duty required. Unlock now: http://24.142.199.229/okta - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Zoom: Customs duty required. Use code 501368 to verify now."
spam	"Zoom: DMCA notice. Reinstate access: http://74.182.192.164/slack"
spam	"Zoom: DMCA notice. Use code 104184 to update payment."
spam	"Zoom: DMCA notice. Use code 936123 to track package."
spam	"Zoom: Device sign-in attempt. Verify now: https://short.ly/1jSyHEssop"
spam	"Zoom: Device sign-in attempt. View invoice: https://t.co/Sa47YGDGTU"
spam	"Zoom: Direct deposit update. Download receipt: http://11.138.80.40/auth"
spam	"Zoom: Dispute filed. Use code 254145 to secure account."
spam	"Zoom: Document shared with you. Authorize: https://buff.ly/yUc4tPl5"
spam	"Zoom: Document shared with you. Call +1-637-658-2740 immediately to accept."
spam	"Zoom: Document shared with you. Open attachment: https://zoomportal.xyz/secure/Ph7CU6uaB72"
spam	"Zoom: Document shared with you. Use code 496737 to review activity."
spam	"Zoom: Document shared with you. View invoice: http://zoom-verify.site/quickbooks?id=cKa8jv38q6lwDm5P&ref=dzyj8s"
spam	"Zoom: Invoice is overdue. Resolve issue: https://short.ly/qIQaHf"
spam	"Zoom: Legal action pending. Complete training: http://zoomportal.online/file?id=APmOaxyMvP9PWA6l&ref=uOcRLy"
spam	"Zoom: Legal action pending. Secure account: https://buff.ly/wVpHaP49RqsW (See Document_5959.pdf)"
spam	"Zoom: Limited-time deal. Unlock now: https://short.ly/xZ3hLgTjeRGl"
spam	"Zoom: Loan approval ready. Confirm: http://gplufop.site/docs?id=kdYZ99Q1iUoFTS1u&ref=Ox2HCz"
spam	"Zoom: Mailbox quota exceeded. Download receipt: https://secure-zoom.site/claim"
spam	"Zoom: Mailbox quota exceeded. Track package: https://zoom-secure.io/sharepoint?token=qXVwbxeNt0Laaclu"
spam	"Zoom: Meeting canceled. Reschedule: https://zoom-auth.me/book/S7RPeMOk"
spam	"Zoom: Meeting recording available. Approve sign-in: https://zoom-billing.site/zoom/a9nnq59eyat"
spam	"Zoom: NFT whitelist access. Track package: http://193.231.132.126/claim"
spam	"Zoom: Open enrollment ends soon. Activate: https://zoomhelp.site/sign?token=Kxxb5vu5PpSOyiKT"
spam	"Zoom: Open enrollment ends soon. Continue to site: http://areflbfslan.co/claim"
spam	"Zoom: Package delivery failed. Download file: https://zoom-billing.co/auth?token=sbydk2KX9n2oPoRn"
spam	"Zoom: Password reset requested. Confirm details: https://zoomhelp.me/teams?session=uMBOp6cWNLm2IsYj&utm=updOYr"
spam	"Zoom: Payment failed. Track package: http://zoom-billing.info/secure?id=XTPaz3VO7g9LbH8w&ref=HbiY0z (See Document_0324.pdf)"
spam	"Zoom: Payroll issue. Authorize: https://rb.gy/SgbGVWX9464k (See Document_5632.pdf)"
spam	"Zoom: Payroll issue. Complete training: https://is.gd/PYKqupf7G"
spam	"Zoom: Payroll issue. View invoice: https://jsyrrb.us/portal"
spam	"Zoom: Re-authenticate to continue. Authorize: http://ynsrckfv.online/sign?id=5J2iZeCBOy3eKfiY&ref=HtghFo (See Document_0985.pdf) - Los Angeles, CA 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"Zoom: Server migration. Call +1-800-096-3180 immediately to view document."
spam	"Zoom: Server migration. Unlock now: http://34.51.212.87/login"
spam	"Zoom: Shareholder update. Complete training: https://t.co/4GKtJbpEmzea"
spam	"Zoom: Shareholder update. Schedule: http://dteqohpygjdm.site/github"
spam	"Zoom: Storage policy change. Verify now: https://zoom-login.com/zoom/D0M1LgW"
spam	"Zoom: Subscription expired. Verify now: http://zoom-login.org/activate"
spam	"Zoom: Tax form available. Complete training: https://z00m.me/login"
spam	"Zoom: Tax refund pending. Continue to site: https://zoom-secure.online/teams?session=GbttS4odzuR1XD7E&utm=ifgiCg"
spam	"Zoom: Tax refund pending. Deny if not you: http://zoom05.me/quickbooks?id=5PCNHTI1HNkeokDo&ref=Ih4v8l"
spam	"Zoom: Tax refund pending. Secure account: https://tinyurl.com/yKCXl1Hg8IXX"
spam	"Zoom: Two-factor disabled. Deny if not you: http://189.126.210.147/appeal"
spam	"Zoom: Unusual login detected. Track package: http://idhaboqurnp.me/review?id=WgtvcsN16Cl5pzAN&ref=sRziCl"
spam	"Zoom: Vacation request approved. Listen now: https://zoom-verify.us/reset/CgneiSsdgo0U"
spam	"Zoom: Vacation request approved. Start verification: https://zoomportal.org/file/AQSVsKiM"
spam	"Zoom: Verify identity to receive funds. Authorize: http://zoom-login.info/reset?id=0RTZt6NLfRiuhpth&ref=lxSjGy"
spam	"Zoom: Voicemail transcription. Resolve issue: http://zoom-billing.io/duo?id=D53yyqP5LoMQhTFY&ref=KkNFO3 (See Document_6374.pdf)"
spam	"Zoom: Wire transfer on hold. Activate: https://zoomupdate.org/portal"
spam	"Zoom: Wire transfer on hold. Confirm: https://huvdsa.online/billing (See Document_8906.pdf)"
spam	"Zoom: Wire transfer on hold. Listen now: https://zoom09.us/secure/P4TYcHgCD0"
spam	"Zoom: Your account has been suspended. Listen now: http://zoom-secure.co/update"
spam	"Zoom: eFax received. Start verification: https://zoomupdate.org/portal/yWqN6ZWEGRvN"
spam	"eBay: Account upgrade. Authorize: https://ebaysupport.co/portal?token=9jgnRB0aBjNs0TLr"
spam	"eBay: Account upgrade. Claim reward: http://ebay-secure.site/billing"
spam	"eBay: Account upgrade. Start verification: https://bit.ly/T0LBk4g - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"eBay: Action required. Track package: https://ebayhelp.online/auth - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"eBay: Activate service now. Schedule: https://ngcwzw.online/appeal/92pdK1ty"
spam	"eBay: Benefit update needed. Confirm details: https://ebay-secure.co/authenticate/BdceOfI"
spam	"eBay: Chargeback notice. Schedule: https://ayvgmtt.site/reset/Hc7PlML38LgU"
spam	"eBay: Check bounced. Call +1-126-834-2319 immediately to deny if not you."
spam	"eBay: Check bounced. Open attachment: http://ebaysupport.co/confirm"
spam	"eBay: Compliance training overdue. Continue to site: https://ebayhelp.co/teams?session=2befxm2iO8CVbXn1&utm=tXg153"
spam	"eBay: Confirm beneficiary. Proceed to payment: https://is.gd/y2qkYd0"
spam	"eBay: Confirm your identity. Resolve issue: http://144.170.254.147/signin"
spam	"eBay: Copyright claim. Unlock now: https://yweveooykj.io/invoice"
spam	"eBay: Device sign-in attempt. Call +1-370-903-1346 immediately to acknowledge notice."
spam	"eBay: Device sign-in attempt. Open attachment: https://ebayaccount.co/teams?session=zEPGrsVzaCJNX1b1&utm=E1vfQY"
spam	"eBay: Direct deposit update. Listen now: http://68.55.218.33/subscription"
spam	"eBay: Dispute filed. Approve sign-in: https://ebay.me/okta/s8nxVIo3"
spam	"eBay: Dispute filed. Download file: https://ow.ly/OdStw5jHMZ"
spam	"eBay: Dispute filed. Listen now: http://161.87.30.150/slack - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"eBay: Exclusive offer. Start verification: https://secure-ebay.io/portal"
spam	"eBay: Invoice is overdue. Call +1-627-513-3733 immediately to deny if not you."
spam	"eBay: Invoice is overdue. Call +1-655-876-0486 immediately to continue to site."
spam	"eBay: Loan approval ready. Acknowledge notice: http://215.79.31.37/verify"
spam	"eBay: Loan approval ready. Authorize: https://secure-ebay.net/access/Us5IPMyx (See Document_7308.pdf)"
spam	"eBay: Loan approval ready. View invoice: https://ebayupdate.biz/okta"
spam	"eBay: MFA approval required. Download receipt: https://ydubwhyfwhds.io/sharepoint/9ygAGq6s"
spam	"eBay: MFA approval required. Use code 643015 to review activity."
spam	"eBay: Mailbox quota exceeded. Open attachment: https://pkuzqb.org/update"
spam	"eBay: Meeting recording available. Activate: http://129.165.64.222/confirm"
spam	"eBay: Meeting recording available. Reinstate access: https://ebaysupport.co/zoom"
spam	"eBay: Missed call. Call +1-309-781-1945 immediately to authorize."
spam	"eBay: Missed call. Fix immediately: http://97.156.246.46/okta"
spam	"eBay: Missed call. Reinstate access: http://ebayaccount.com/sharepoint"
spam	"eBay: Missed call. Unlock now: http://secure-ebay.xyz/portal?id=kmughP6XTWGkPSkk&ref=r3IJtY"
spam	"eBay: Missed delivery. Use code 105484 to schedule."
spam	"eBay: Missed delivery. Use code 450697 to confirm details."
spam	"eBay: Missed delivery. Use code 757325 to activate."
spam	"eBay: Open enrollment ends soon. Acknowledge notice: https://rkpbzpiorva.io/claim?token=Ssg7IgCsnPXX0q3i"
spam	"eBay: Open enrollment ends soon. Enable protection: http://ismpysw.biz/duo"
spam	"eBay: Password expires today. Fix immediately: https://t.co/dAZEBOqidO8"
spam	"eBay: Password expires today. Reset password: https://tinyurl.com/cEJUjXGpADMA"
spam	"eBay: Payroll issue. Use code 365045 to listen now. - New York, NY 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"eBay: Prize winner. Use code 845443 to reinstate access."
spam	"eBay: Re-authenticate to continue. Reinstate access: http://secure-ebay.io/track?id=ofeXoV7i7Usa1WM6&ref=7TslVh"
spam	"eBay: Referral bonus available. Continue to site: https://ebayupdate.com/confirm?session=lLrn3Ic4al3tgTkz&utm=6V0cnv"
spam	"eBay: Referral bonus available. Schedule: https://ebay.online/mfa/cFzFGLUN"
spam	"eBay: Refund available. Secure account: https://ebaysupport.co/confirm/qVfCAll"
spam	"eBay: Security alert. Track package: https://ebay.biz/reward"
spam	"eBay: Server migration. Call +1-107-257-4700 immediately to open portal."
spam	"eBay: Server migration. Use code 989696 to resolve issue."
spam	"eBay: Social media violation. Update payment: https://ow.ly/wZXIwKjBwJ"
spam	"eBay: Storage is almost full. Proceed to payment: https://is.gd/NBFDudB (See Document_1845.pdf)"
spam	"eBay: Storage policy change. Claim reward: https://tinyurl.com/5TFWpWqvs"
spam	"eBay: Storage policy change. Open portal: https://ebay.info/verify?token=Dt2z6xB4ti3Zy0dh - Remote 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"eBay: Subscription renewal failed. Reinstate access: http://gdryfp.biz/subscription"
spam	"eBay: Subscription renewal failed. Reset password: https://rb.gy/CAvNu4xXII"
spam	"eBay: Tax form available. Review activity: https://khgrbvhz.me/message?session=dOj8niflLJ1Y7npG&utm=fBUDtk"
spam	"eBay: Tax refund pending. Resolve issue: http://txrxyzrnmsb.co/support?id=qq1PkCXMANTvWmBO&ref=SWEjzx"
spam	"eBay: Tax refund pending. Use code 169825 to download receipt."
spam	"eBay: Tax refund pending. Use code 647090 to approve sign-in."
spam	"eBay: Unlock your account. Track package: http://157.92.90.177/signin"
spam	"eBay: Unlock your account. Track package: https://bit.ly/PGZx3jv3XKsA"
spam	"eBay: Unusual login detected. Complete training: https://ebay-secure.biz/verify"
spam	"eBay: Unusual login detected. Download receipt: https://ebayhelp.me/secure?session=mmVz3fnznETubAbu&utm=dop9U7 (See Document_5116.pdf)"
spam	"eBay: Unusual login detected. Secure account: https://t.co/IzISGoNc"
spam	"eBay: Voicemail transcription. Call +1-934-682-9851 immediately to activate."
spam	"eBay: Voicemail transcription. Continue to site: http://43.96.112.116/billing"
spam	"eBay: Voicemail transcription. Update payment: http://secure-ebay.org/drive"
spam	"eBay: Voicemail waiting. Reset password: https://ebayportal.me/redeem/mR8XpdY"
spam	"eBay: Voicemail waiting. Update payment: https://xecjfko.me/invoice?token=X6nWzHZOSfFk6cmh"
spam	"eBay: Your photo here. Deny if not you: http://176.249.198.96/reset - Dallas, TX 2025-10-15 18:06"
spam	"eBay: Your photo here. Listen now: http://ebay-billing.site/drive"
spam	"Congratulations! You’ve won a $500 Amazon gift card. Claim it here: http://bit.ly/winner123"
spam	"Your Wells Fargo account has been locked for suspicious activity. Verify now: http://securebanking.com/login"
spam	"USPS: Your package is awaiting delivery due to an unpaid fee. Pay now to release your shipment: http://tracknow.delivery"
spam	"Hey, it’s your boss. I need you to buy 5 Amazon gift cards for clients urgently. Send codes to this number ASAP."
spam	"This is the IRS. You overpaid taxes in 2021. Claim your refund here: http://refund-irs.gov/claim"
spam	"You’ve been pre-approved for a platinum credit card with 0% APR for 18 months! Apply here: http://credit-offer-link.biz"
spam	"We reviewed your resume and offer $300/day working remotely. Start today: http://easyjob-apply.co"
spam	"We’re refunding your previous payment due to an overcharge. Confirm your info here: http://securepay-check.com"
spam	"This is your energy company. Immediate payment required to avoid service disconnection: http://billing-urgent.co"
spam	"Hey Mom, my phone’s broken. Can you send $200 through CashApp to help me get home?"
spam	"Your Netflix account will be suspended unless payment is updated today. Update info: http://netflix-securepay.co"
spam	"Amazon Refund Dept: Your recent order qualifies for a refund. Claim now: http://amazon-verify.co"
spam	"Your bank detected suspicious login activity. Secure your account at http://fraud-alert-login.com"
spam	"Work-from-home and earn $400/day! Minimal effort required. Join today: http://joboffer-now.co"
spam	"Urgent Notice: Toll payment overdue. Pay now or face penalties: http://paytoll-fast.co"
spam	"Snapchat detected suspicious activity. Reply with your 2FA code to verify access."
spam	"Hi, is this Sarah? I must’ve messaged the wrong number, but you look interesting ;) http://friendlychatting.co"
spam	"You’ve earned a loyalty reward from AT&T! Claim your $100 gift card here: http://att-promo.org"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been restricted. Log in now to restore access: http://paypal-securelogin.co"
spam	"This is the Department of Motor Vehicles. Your vehicle registration is about to expire. Renew here: http://dmv-renew.biz"
spam	"Final notice: Your social security number has been suspended due to fraudulent activity. Reactivate now: http://ssa-verify.org"
spam	"Dear customer, click to see your updated billing statement: http://billing-securefile.co"
spam	"Get delivery updates on your pending FedEx package here: http://fextrack-notify.biz"
spam	"Limited-time crypto investment offer! Earn 50% in just 7 days. Learn more: http://crypto-fastgain.biz"
spam	"A friend sent you a surprise video gift! Watch it here before it expires: http://giftclip-video.org"
ham	"Hey Emma, are we still on for lunch tomorrow at noon?"
ham	"Your Uber driver is arriving in 3 minutes."
ham	"Payment of $75 received successfully. Thank you for your purchase."
ham	"Meeting postponed to 4:00 PM. Check your calendar invite for the new link."
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have an amazing day."
ham	"Reminder: Your dentist appointment is tomorrow at 9:30 AM."
ham	"Don’t forget, project deadline is next Monday. Let’s review on Friday."
ham	"Your package has been delivered. Thank you for choosing UPS."
ham	"Mom called earlier, call her back when you’re free."
ham	"Flight Delta 245 to Atlanta is boarding in 15 minutes."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Elon Musk’s new AI token presale open! Invest now: http://aicoin-elon.io"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
ham	"Your appointment is confirmed for tomorrow at 10 AM."
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Earn $500/day from home! No experience needed. Apply here: http://workeasy-now.net"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Happy birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day."
ham	"Hey, are we still meeting for dinner tonight?"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
ham	"Can you email me the final version of the proposal?"
ham	"Congrats on your promotion! Well deserved."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"Win an iPhone 15 Pro Max! Click here to participate: http://apple-prizefree.com"
spam	"Norton: Your antivirus expired. Renew now: http://renew-norton-protect.com"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Google: Confirm your verification code now: http://google-verify.me"
spam	"Your Netflix account is on hold. Update payment info: http://fix-netflix-billing.com"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"You’ve been selected for free health insurance coverage! Apply now: http://free-healthplan.org"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your PayPal account has been limited. Verify identity: http://paypal-helpdesk.net"
ham	"Let’s grab coffee this weekend if you’re free."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"You’ve won a $1000 Walmart gift card! Claim before it expires: http://gift-claim.today"
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
ham	"Please send the updated report by 3 PM."
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
spam	"Hey it’s Linda from Tinder! Let’s chat here ;) http://tinderconnect.link"
spam	"Chase Alert: Unusual login attempt detected. Verify account: http://secure-chase-login.com"
spam	"Urgent: Your bank account will be frozen. Confirm immediately: http://bank-verify-online.net"
spam	"Zelle: You received $2000. Accept payment: http://zelle-securepay.info"
spam	"UNICEF: Help flood victims today. Donate now: http://relief-aid.support"
spam	"Your package is waiting for delivery confirmation. Click here: http://track-now.xyz"
ham	"Call me when you reach the office."
spam	"FedEx: Unable to deliver parcel. Reschedule here: http://fedex-update.link"
spam	"Crypto offer! Double your investment in 3 days. Join now: http://crypto-fastprofit.io"
ham	"I’ll be late by 10 minutes, stuck in traffic."
ham	"Don’t forget to pick up milk on your way home."
spam	"IRS: Pending tax refund $1,246. Claim now: http://tax-refund-now.us"
spam	"Your parcel is waiting for pickup. Confirm delivery: http://parcel-alert.info"
spam	"Apple: Your iCloud account has been compromised. Log in here to secure: http://icloud-secure.us"

